-Compilation-
Chapter 1 – Warriors
	There was an enormous gap between the rich and the poor. Think of it as two islands, two worlds, knowing each existed yet never acknowledging the other, and when a bridge unfolds between them, daring each to meet, it is sprinkled by awe and aloofness. Hate and love.
	I sat on the most exquisite chair I’ve ever set my pretty behind on. It was still wood, yet both armrests were carved with beautiful vines all over it, carved with little flowers asking to be seen, to be looked at, carved with art heeding everyone’s attention and yet, nobody paid any of it from the men in front of me, nobody, but me. Arrogant. That was what they were. Ignorant. That was I to them.
	I tried not to be obvious on how I was aching to lay my back on the soft foam that covered the backrest of the chair, tried not to be so unfamiliar with all the elegance in the room: the chandelier hanging above looking like raindrops suspended in the air, the tiled bronze floor designed with numerous black circles, and the windows, so big I could fit there and jump out whenever I wished. The chair I was sitting on wasn’t even padded but it was all luxurious to me- a poor girl.
The table in front of me was glass. Its sides honed from iron, even iron would be expensive for me, for us. Their sides too were carved with art. I noticed, that in this room, nobody cared about it. They were all messengers after all, soldiers from the lord my mother was to marry.
I held the wooden box in my shaking hands. The moment I entered the room, there was a chill in the air I couldn’t quite understand. My hands were cold and my body was itching, but perhaps I was just jumpy from their prying eyes that never left mine. They knew we couldn’t give them anything except for a few goods, and they were wrong. As poor as we were, my mother kept something from everyone, even from me. I’ve just seen it yesterday when my mother placed the box gently in front of me in our home.
“Take this tomorrow. Offer this to them. Don’t ever open that mouth of yours. We all know you have a sharp tongue.” She had said with a cough. The rainy season was doing its best to harm us. Then she left the box for me to explore without another word but, “This, this was supposed to be used for you, but things have changed.” She walked away, her hair swaying as golden as the light she gave out to everyone. I opened the box that night and my eyes nearly tumbled out of their sockets. 
As I remembered what I’ve seen, I took the box and placed it on the table with my head held high. They couldn’t look down upon us. They wouldn’t look down upon us, ever again. 
The guard across me snickered. Two more guards were in the room, on either side of him. He was tall and bulky, the way guards should be. His eyes was on me, not on the box I’ve laid out in front of them. “What would the lord do with that, young child?” he smiled and put a hand on his chin as if he were thinking too.
Don’t ever open that mouth of yours. I was never the obedient type, anyway. “You tell me.” I opened the lid and grabbed the jewelry from the hay that my mother worked hard to keep the necklace from being scratched. I held the finest jewelry we had in my hands.	 “I don’t know what a lord can do with this.” I set my piercing eyes on the man across from me.
His eyes were wide and yet he laughed. “Cubic zirconia, of course. One could, perhaps, afford it.” This time, I smiled. 
“Diamonds.” I said and remembered what the look on my face must’ve been the first time I’ve seen the finery in my hands. Diamonds with sapphire gems separating each stone from each other. The diamonds weren’t even small to begin with, they were as big as my fingernails. Some say diamonds could cut you. I didn’t dare try to put that to a test.
The guards on his back shifted and whispered something to their leader. The man whose arrogance could be smelled all over the room nodded and returned his attention, not to me this time, but to the necklace. “Place it back and leave, young girl. The lord will receive such, dowry.” He spat the word out like he was disgusted by us, by seeing such a poor girl holding something only queens should’ve held.
Dowry. If that didn’t seal my fate, nothing could. Tomorrow, I would be a lord’s daughter, adoptive daughter.
I flinched as the woman by my side tried to comb my hair. I looked at her in the mirror trying to convey a little message with my hazel eyes, but she didn’t look at me through it. She continued her combing and I cringed again.
“Could you please slow down a bit with your scouring through my hair?” I asked. My eyes stayed on her, but she merely shrugged. She was old and she told me a while ago that her name was Caoimhe after she emerged from the huge carriage that brought her here in our home. She said she was to fix me as my mother was being brought to the keep, fix me, like I needed that because I lived in the forest, in a home as small as or even smaller than a palace’s balcony.
The keep. I’ve been there once when I was ten. I remembered every detail of it. I was alone, exploring the forest as I practiced archery. I didn’t ask my mother for money for the bow and the arrows. I made mine myself. I was through the woods in no time when I’ve seen the enormous establishment. They were made of bricks, unlike our wooden house with its flaws and all. Surrounding it were topiaries of different gods and goddesses, angels, and even witches who were considered to be evil and cunning. There were boisterous laughter everywhere, and men and women seemed to be so busy going in and out of the gates. Some were carrying baskets of food and others were just walking slowly, talking with each other, as if they had all the time in the world, as if they couldn’t care less for the food they will eat the following days, because they will always have it. I didn’t blame them for their ignorance, but arrogance was different.
These “superior” people, as they called themselves, didn’t even help us, or even try to bother keeping the life in the city nourished and alive. They just did their own thing: look at us with hateful eyes, and sometimes, linger just long enough in the market to assess and realize they didn’t want their fates intertwined with ours.
It all seemed so simple: the rich never touches the poor as the poor shouldn’t touch the rich. My mother turned everything upside down. My mother and the lord who’s dwelling in the glorious keep.
That abode was too much for my unfortunate life. And as hopeless the situation may be, it served as a glimmer of hope, that someday, I’d give my mother a home as big as it, or even bigger. Now, that hope had died. My mother took that estate for herself.
“Are there training grounds in there?” I asked Caoimhe who was starting to braid my hair back. This time, she dared spare a look at me in the mirror. If I was going to live there, I would have to train and be alert, of everything, of the court drama and even the warriors’ armors and sharp blades.
“Yes.” Her only answer, and I thought for a few minutes that she wouldn’t talk again until, “But a place like that isn’t for a lady.” 
I had the audacity to roll my eyes. Gender roles, when will they leave this cruel world? “I’m not a lady. I’m a person who needs to defend myself from my enemies.” I said every word with determination.
Caoimhe smiled, she actually smiled as she took a pin and placed it on my hair. “Indeed, if that’s how you see yourself, but do you have enemies, dear?” she whispered on my ear and surveyed me on the mirror. Her light brown eyes meeting mine. “You’re a pretty girl to have enemies, charming even.” She said and straightened. 
I turned my back towards the mirror and held her gaze. “I may not have enemies, but surely, I will. I’m a poor woman’s daughter who gets to live in luxury all of a sudden because her mother married a lord.” I raised an eyebrow at her. “A lot of people would condemn me for even wearing this dress.” This gorgeous dress that felt too wrong as it hugged my body.
Caoimhe smiled again, gently. There was nothing to smile about. I wanted to say. “Lady Alaera.” Lady. “The only thing you should be afraid of is the women’s gossips in the keep, but as I look at you now, I know you could save yourself with that tongue of yours.” 
Sharp. I remembered my mother’s word. 
The keep was a gem for a girl like me. It was large, enormous, God, I should have ran away with Lauren when she told me to. We would’ve been wherever she dwelled. I would’ve been exploring the woods with her instead of staying in here, in this hot big citadel, whatever they called this.
“My lord, the lady is here.” A guard said near the doors. Even the doors, they were made of iron enclosed in bronze, still carved with those vines and flowers. Flowers I still didn’t know the name of. The floors were tiled with circular silver glistening patterns. Everything screamed of luxury and I had to hold my breath, to keep from inhaling this new life, to keep me tethered to the old one.
I walked towards the doors and in the throne room, feeling itchy and uneasy. There were people everywhere, ladies and gentlemen on either side, no one at the center. There were some servants too, bustling around, carrying decorations and condiments. For the wedding.
“Alaera, dear.” The voice was like thunder. I looked at the owner of that voice who was sitting on a throne made of skin- skin of monsters Lord Zaire had killed himself, as what the legends said. The hairs on my arms stood up. His face was gentle, so unnervingly different from his authoritarian voice. His long brown hair reached his shoulders and his beard were grown. His eyes though, were too intense, green as an emerald. “I am Lord Zaire. I formally welcome you in this place. Are you comfortable, dear?” Comfortable, not amazed, fascinated, but comfortable. I knew right then why my mother got so smitten by this lord. He was all good and welcoming, maybe a bit scary but still, that expression on his face was warm. But if the rumors were true, then I should be wary. Sure, people kill monsters, but those monsters – the witches, the wolves, and the faeries, they all looked like human. What if he couldn’t tell humans from others anymore?
“Yes.” I said with a stoic face. I didn’t need to give them my smiles, right? I didn’t need to give a stranger a smile.
The lord smiled though, his hand was outstretched towards his right side where three men stood. His sons. My soon to be brothers.
I almost took a step back when I saw them, all their glory. They were polished, refined, handsome, unlike the youth I’ve encountered in the forests and in the market, greedy and ragged. Sern. The name came into my head, suddenly. His warm smile and carelessness, his weapon dangling beside his hips, not even sharp enough to cut through a pig.
“Vadik,” the lord said and nodded his head towards a man. Like the lord, he had brown hair, but short and neatly trimmed. He was a warrior, probably five or six years older than me. “Vadik is my successor. In the time of my absence, he will be wearing this crown, or fighting off, you know what.” I wanted to say I didn’t know what they were fighting off, but for the first time, silence was all I could hear from my mouth.
The warrior looked at me with his green eyes. I noticed all of them had green eyes, just like their father, honed and shaped to be warriors someday. Where will I fit in?
Vadik watched me calculatingly the way soldiers did all the time, then his gaze lingered down on my clenched fingers. I immediately put them aside. Then, he smiled at me, not warmly, but he smiled at me with a predator’s smile. He wore a face of a soldier.
I recoiled and looked at the king. I was scared. Why was I scared? I wouldn’t be scared, of them? No. I shouldn’t be.
“Kaden, my second eldest, and Damon my youngest.” I looked at both men and found them looking at me, watching me with opposite expressions.
Kaden was holding my gaze with a smirk. He was probably a year older than me. His eyes were piercing and I sent him a message with my arched eyebrow too, but he just shifted and looked at my… my bosom. Bloody son of a-.
I could’ve ran to him and punched him, guttural as it may seem but I shifted my gaze to the youngest, knowing that my temper was rising. My mother said he was my age. Damon. He wore not a warrior’s face, but of a consort, loving, and peaceful. He looked like peace. And that jawline--.
He smiled at me. Damon smiled as he angled his head toward my side and I turned to be greeted by a dog. I smiled for the first time in my new life. I touched the dog’s brown fur. Oh, he was big but he was--. My head felt like it was cracking open, so much I had to bite my lip.
“His name is Clayde.” Clayde. I could’ve answered him with ‘what a cute name for a dog.’ Or something like that, but my head was aching so much that I knew I had to get out of the throne room. I smiled, tight lipped. 
“Thank you.” I said towards the lord. Anxiety and panic coursing through me. If they knew I wasn’t normal, I’d be dead in no time. My hands were starting to shake and I placed it behind me locking them together. “May I have the permission to leave?” I asked as rude as it sounded. I was giving them a first impression of me and it was not good. It was bland, pale, and discourteous.
The room was silent. The air was leaving me. I needed out. I needed a room where I could sit alone. “I just need air.” I said, my breaths leaving me with pain.
“You may.” The lord said with a sweep of his hand. He gestured for a guard to show me to my room. I walked agonizingly slow towards the man and he led the way.
I left the throne room with a last glance towards the lord who smiled at me despite my attitude and towards the three warriors who would be around me my whole life.
Vadik observed me as I observed him.
Kaden smiled at me, there was a promise in his eyes that he would be searching for me, a promise that came from more men I have met.
And Damon, Damon looked at me, worry crossing his features. 
Then I left, my head still breaking.







Chapter 2 – 
	A gasp exploded out of me as I closed the door to my bedroom. I didn’t even have the time to marvel at how beautiful the room was. I quickly dashed towards the glass doors in which a terrace took place. 
	I was screaming from the inside as I reached the open air. It was so high up from here. All I could see were trees, mountains, birds and a lot of blue. The sky. I held my head again and squeezed it. Every sound, every touch on my skin felt different, heightened. I closed my eyes and knelt as blinding light entered my line of vision. I knew this. This was familiar territory.
	One… two… three… I calmed down, the heaviness inside of me was starting to vanish, the light I saw starting to dim. Then, I heard rustling of vines. I opened my eyes to see the creepers on the terrace crawl their way out of my path, as if they were afraid of me. Nature, nature itself was afraid of me and I didn’t know why.
	I wore the most beautiful dress I’ve ever seen. Gold. I looked at myself on the body-sized mirror in my room, astounded by the girl standing there. I’ve never looked so human and not some filthy poor kid. 
	The dress was long it reached my toes and they hugged my body as I tried to breathe around it. I was just glad the tightness was only waist up. The dress flowed freely from there down. I didn’t know whether this dress was made of real gold or no, but I stopped wondering. For rich people, anything was possible.
	The dress hung on my shoulders and my arms were covered with black swirls of paint, creating an illusion like there was lace on my skin. Caoihme tucked my hair up into a messy bun, curling some splayed hair in the process. I was—I didn’t dare say it.
	I turned around from the mirror unrecognizing myself as I sat on the bed, my bed. The sheets were so soft that I sighed. This, this was my life, away from the market where I used to sell anything that I’ve hunted in the woods, away from the farm my mother called the little backyard we had. And away from Lauren. I hoped she’d find me, sooner. I needed something, someone familiar. 
	My brow furrowed as I saw myself again on the mirror on the dresser across me. Why did they think women needed as many mirrors as they had put in this room? I couldn’t care less. I knew they would make me pretty. “Lady.” I spat the word. 
	I stood up and realized from the light gleam in the mirror that my hair was covered with glitters, gold again. I didn’t need to look like a trophy. The dress swished and dragged on the tiled floor, midnight blue, just how I liked it. At least I liked something from this new life of mine.
	I stiffened as I heard a knock on the door. I braced myself for someone to come in, and when no one did, I inclined my head, still waiting. Another knock sounded. “Oh.” I muttered quietly cursing myself. “Do come in.” I stated like a queen, a crownless queen.
	Damon came inside with his familiar smile. He bowed and when he finally raised his head, his eyes shone as he saw me. “Wow.” I blushed, never have I let myself be swayed by a man saying I was beautiful, and yet here he was, wow, it wasn’t even a statement for me. It might’ve been for the dress, for my body, for my face, but never for me.
	“My lord,” I said, curtseying. I knew manners and I could show manners whenever I felt like it. “Is it time?” I asked quietly. Why was I quiet?
	He smiled and offered a fist. “Indeed, it’s time, though I’m begging you not to call me Lord. You are free to call me Damon. Anyway,” he opened his fist and on his palm was a necklace. The chains were silver, true silver. The pendant though, was—“It’s the moon.” I said. It was a sphere with silver lining around everything black.
	Damon’s eyebrows raised, amused by what I said. “I never saw it as the moon.” He said approaching me. His steps were sure and light. “May I?” he asked and I nodded.
	He turned me, lightly holding my arms to face me towards the mirror. I was glad he knew better than to grab me by my waist. “My father gave us all pendants and like swords, we have named ours. It’s the secret of the family so don’t ever tell anyone.” He chuckled as a memory, maybe came into his mind. “Mine was this.” He finally placed the necklace and its pendant caused me to shiver. Cold and calm. It was like a flow of energy seeped out of my body.
	I faced him as he held his own pendant up. “Feather? How lovely.” I said the words with no emotions at all and yet, he smiled.
	“I used to tell my father I’d love to fly someday, so I named it wings.” He pointed at me with a charming look on his face. His green eyes were like the sea. “That, again is a secret. Now, would you join me towards the wedding of your mother and my father, Alaera?” 
	I involuntarily smiled, realizing I did such thing just as he smiled again too, no, he didn’t smile. He beamed at me. “A way to put it, so, yes. Hopefully, it would not be too boring, for our own good.” And then he laughed as I clung to his arm the way a lady should.
	The wedding was short, thankfully. My mother saw me and grinned at me with love shining in her eyes. She was even more beautiful than she had been. She was light itself and as I took in her wedding dress, sapphire blue and silver—the royal colors of our country, I knew I wouldn’t have ran away with Lauren. Because if I did so, I wouldn’t have seen my mother so happy and contented. She looked like Mother Nature, so elegant, not in a queenly way, but in a beautiful bride way. This was everything she wished for me, for us and finally, it came true, right out of the fairytales I’ve read.
	Before going to the dais with her lord though, my mother came to me and kissed me on my head. “Mother, I’m not a child anymore.” I have said and she laughed. Her laugh. No wonder the lord was happy upon accepting everything she was, even with a child not of her own.
	“Lady Sierra, that’s what they would call me from now on.” My mother sighed and somehow, I felt sadness in that sigh. She looked at me, her blue eyes shining. I wouldn’t want her to tear up damaging her beautiful face. 
	I knew even when she didn’t tell me that she was somehow sad about the changes. She was devastated to leave that little garden of her. That she did look back on our little house in the woods.
	I smiled. “We should go to the market and buy something from Martha’s store. Maybe she’d beg and gravel on the ground when she sees that sapphire stone between your breasts.” She laughed. “You know she’s awful.” And this time, I was the one who giggled.
	Now, she was dancing in the throne room in the center of it all with Lord Zaire. His eyes were shining only for my mother and I felt a twinge of pain. I would never feel what my mother was feeling at that moment, the happiness in her eyes. They were blinding that I decided to leave the room and walk outside under the moonlight.
	My dress was rallying with the leaves beneath my feet. I didn’t care at all. Everything around me even in the night was pure beauty. The flowers seemed to glow and from all of it, the only thing I recognized were the roses. Red as blood.
	I yelped as a hand slid around my waist and half dragged me into a shady part of the garden. “Tell me, Alaera. Would you like to go first?” I felt his breath on my neck, smelled the tang of alcohol from his mouth. “Or would you like me to pleasure you before anything else?”
	His hands were on my waist holding them tightly that I fought a scream. My heart was beating fast and my hands were shaking from the contact he was doing with me. “I don’t want anything that has got to do with you, Kaden.” I spat every word with venom in them. He was drunk and no one was good or reasonable when they were. He wasn’t even reasonable sober. 
	I struggled off his grip but he held firm. I gasped as he held both my hands to my back with only a hand and my face with another. “You have beautiful lips, Alaera.” He smiled. I wanted to take back what I said. He wasn’t handsome. He was the devil with that gaze. “Why don’t you put it to good use?” I knew what I had to do, even to a lord’s son. 
	I pushed my long nails on his fingers that were covering mine. He shrieked and eased off of me slightly that I stepped on his foot, making sure the heel of my shoe got him in the right spot. Then I raised my knee up towards his crotch. “I do put it to good use, Kaden.” I said and punched him. “But not on your chapped lips and small manhood.”
	Instead of leaving, he laughed and that was my cue. I screamed and ran away. I knew I couldn’t fight well with this dress. I knew I couldn’t run as fast as he could too but I had to try. Lucky for him no one was around. Unlucky for me, it was.
	He grabbed for my hair and the pins went loose. I heard each fall to the ground. “Your mother shows up and what?” he said. “My mother’s forgotten like she never even existed.” I wanted to say no, to say that his mother was the person my mother visited during the dowry together with his father. 
	I struggled but he got me again against his body. His hand around my hands. “But you, you are a gift.” He whispered into my ear and I wriggled to get away from him. His hand started going up, just under my breasts. I wanted to tear up, but I knew that would do nothing for me, for my virtue. “As for your mother, I’ll leave her whoring my father.” 
	Something snapped in me. Whore. He just called my mother a whore. I felt him stiffened at my back. His hands slackened around me and fell on his sides. I felt every vein he had in his body like they were my own as I heard his heart beating, a mirror of the thud of footsteps I was hearing. I didn’t care but I followed those veins as I turned around to face him.
	He grabbed for my arms once again but I let him. I felt his blood all of it, running around his body. I wanted them to fire up, to boil. I wanted him to beg me to stop as I saw the endless pain on his face as he looked at me dead in the eye.
	“What-“ Kaden whispered as he grasped for breath. I knew how he was feeling at the moment with his passage for air locked up and all the coolness leave from his body. His eyes roll back and all I could see were its whites.
	“Kaden.” An angry but familiar voice took me out of my head. My breathing was reckless. My hair was a tangled mess. I shivered from the touch of that whisper alone as it brought me back to my situation. What have I done? “What are you doing to the poor girl?” No, he didn’t see that. What did I do? What did I try to do?
	Then a hand held me. His hand was warm and I almost sagged beside the man despite of what just happened. It was like all energy from me got seeped out. Kaden started coughing and he passed out in front of me, but I still heard his heart beating. I let out a heavy breath I didn’t know I started to hold. He was alive.
	The hand that gripped me was still there, still warm. “He-he almost—“ I stopped and took my hand off the man’s clasp. “He almost—“ I continued yet no words could get out of my mouth except for those. No, I almost—.
	“I know.” The voice was deep and unrelenting and I finally looked at the man behind me. His eyes were like storm itself, gray and unending. His hair was jet black and they were messy. His full lips parted when he saw me. “Alaera.” He breathed my name like it was a prayer.
	I took a step back. This man was like night itself. Alluring yet dangerous. “Stay away from me.” I managed to voice out although my heart was already hammering inside my chest. Something about him was wrong. I didn’t know. 
	He seemed to remember where he was when he said, “You’re Alaera, am I right?” he shook his head as if that was a question only an idiot would ask. “I would like to apologize on behalf of my brother.” Brother? I remembered Kaden and took three steps away from him and the dark incarnate that came.
	“I didn’t know he had another brother.” I said confused and exhausted at the same time. I was still shaking but I tried to hide it.
	He tilted his head with a predatory gaze on me. “I’m adopted, you see.” he stated, then he gestured at me. “You’re a mess.” He declared. One thing to call a woman a mess.
	“I guess that’s what you’ll become when you’ve almost been raped!” I spat and held both my shaking hands to calm them. 
	I noticed how his eyes darken even more that they were almost black, and his hands at his sides were balled into a fist. “Do you want me to take you inside?” he asked innocently. Like hell I would go with him after his brother almost touched me. He probably saw the look on my face because he called out to another person. “Rose!” he shouted. I doubted Rose would hear though. No one was around and I was prepared to run from him if he as much as step closer to me.
	He started pulling Kaden up from the ground. “Again, I apologize. I’ll take him upstairs while Rose tends to you.” He bowed his head slightly and managed a strained smile of gratitude. “See you around, Alaera.” A promise. He turned around slowly that I saw the faint gleam of a pendant around his neck. We had the same. The moon. I thought as I watched them leave.












Chapter 3 – 
	Rose turned out to be a perfect human doll who came running in just as Kaden and the man-whatever his name was, disappeared from my view. 
	Although I was still a little bit shaken from what happened, I couldn’t help but admire Rose. She was everything I knew I could never be—flawless and stunning. Her red lips parted in surprise as she came to me. Her braided chestnut brown hair was cascading to her shoulders and stopped just in line with her waist. She must’ve been named Rose because of her florid complexion. 
	“I couldn’t believe it.” She muttered and even her voice sounded like she was purring. 
	I looked at her dead in the eye, not voicing out that I just met a girl who made me feel like I was as plain as a wooden table. “What?” I snapped and started walking. She got the hint and started to walk beside me.
	She furrowed her brow and shook her head. “That Kaden could do such a monstrous thing!” she whined and huffed. “Kaden, he’s a little troubled, ever since the lady of this court died.” Yeah, right. Troubled enough that he almost took my virtue. “I know, I know. He couldn’t justify what he did. I just wish he thought better this time.”
	I stopped and whirled my head facing her. “This time?” Rose seemed shocked like she didn’t expect me to catch what she just said. Then she sighed through her nose.
	“He got violent when he was training yesterday.” No, whatever his problem was, no one could justify it for him. “He kind of sent my men to the infirmary. They’re still there.” He was strong and yet, I managed to outsmart him. Maybe, because he was drunk and stupid, and he was an idiot. That, he was an idiot. Next time when he’s sobered up, I wouldn’t be able to fight him. No, there will be no next time.
	We reached the castle and went inside. Some of the guards looked my way, probably wondering why I was so disheveled. Then, their heads turned to Rose. They didn’t look back at me after that. We took the stairs and I was just so curious I had to ask. “Your men?” 
	“Yes, my men. You really notice everything.” She sighed before continuing. “General Gastrell is my intended and of course, protective as he is, he gave me ten men to accompany me everywhere.” I saw no one in sight, but a general’s consort! No wonder she had fallen into such rank, but she was young, so young to be married. Maybe, they weren’t even married yet. A look on her hand told me she wasn’t. No ring. “Five are suffering right now, and the other five, I’ve sent off to the party. I don’t like having guards.” No one would. I thought and that made me wonder when the lord of Vherdys would give me some of his men and I shuddered at the thought.
	“I’m Rose, by the way, I’ll bet you already know that and you’re Alaera, daughter of the new Lady of this house. So, what do you think of House Veirshaw?” she pried and I gave her a lone shrug. She seemed to talk a lot. “Are you bored around here?” she asked again and I seriously was getting annoyed.
	“Yes, I’m bored.” I said and puffed out air. We reached the second floor by that time. “I’m bored out of my mind. I used to have a backyard, and I used to work hard for my mother just so we could eat, and now,” I paused. “Now, my mother got everything she wanted, and that leaves me with nothing to do. Don’t get me wrong. I’m thankful for everything but… ” But, that left me useless.
	I dared myself to look at Rose who was looking at me with raised eyebrows. I shouldn’t’ve said that. A dark shadow fell on her eyes but was immediately brushed off when she gave me a strained smile. “I understand. I used to know who I was and what I should do. Well anyway, the Lord Zaire Veirshaw also assigned me a task to keep me from being bored in this big castle.” We continued to walk until we reached my room. There, Rose told me to sit in front of the dresser. “He told me to keep you from getting bored.” Great.
	Rose started combing my hair, fixing it, then she pouted at me in the mirror. “You look more beautiful when your hair is down. Wear it down.” As if I was beautiful in the first place. “Then, tomorrow, perhaps we could stop by the training room. We could look at men’s bodies” she winked. “Or weapons if you’re not into bodies.” Despite myself, I managed to roll my eyes. 
	“Rose, can you leave me alone for a moment?” Rose seemed taken aback by what I just requested, but she bowed to me on the reflection in my mirror. 
	“Of course.” She smiled tight lipped and walked towards the door but stopped. “Alaera, I hope you don’t push me away this time.” 
	I didn’t really know what she meant or if I was pushing her away earlier, or just now. I just needed the time alone.
	She left with a sad face and as the door closed behind her, I couldn’t keep in the tears no more. They rolled from my eyes in a constant trek. I shuddered as I scratched my skin from where Kaden had touched me. I buried my head on my palm realizing I just accidentally or not, almost killed a man. I didn’t know who I was anymore. I didn’t know how I did what I just did.
	“Milady.” Damon passed by me in the pavement outside then stopped, calling out to me. “I was looking for you.” He said and bowed. He was polished and seemed to be just finished grooming himself out. His hair was still wet and I realized he just got off from the baths. I looked out to see how far the sun had come up. It was nearly directly above my head, just in time for lunch. He sleeps in.
	I curtseyed and realized I hated doing so because when I did, my ribs came in contact with my corset. God, this thing was awful. “Damon.” I felt awkward addressing him by his first name. “To what do I owe the pleasure?” Be lady-like. It seemed rather surprising that I could talk like a fine woman. Surprising even that I could seem fine, seem so put-together after what happened last night. 
	He sighed and clasped his hands together. “I have heard of what my brother did. I’m sorry.” His face was sincere and full of regret. 
	“Why are you sorry?” 
	He was about to say something and paused. Right. “I’m sorry you had to experience your first day in the castle that way. I ought to have been with you.” He smiled at me trying to hide his embarrassment. No, he didn’t need to. It wasn’t his job to play entertainment for me. “I would like to formally welcome you though, or informally, but see, I thought you were free. Are you free?” he started babbling and stuttering that I smiled. I even almost chuckled. “I—hey, you’re smiling at me.” He declared as if I didn’t know.
	“Would you prefer me not to?” I feigned boredom, although I was rather enjoying the apologetic look he was giving me.
	“No! I mean. I’d love to see you smile.” Then, he grinned at me, his eyes daring me to counter that. “I want to tour you around the castle, give you a different impression about it, about us.” A gesture. 
	I nodded.
	He held out his arm and I hesitatingly took it, but he smiled and the wall I have built brought upon the years I’ve experienced and dreaded remembering started to tremble. He’s my brother. I smiled at the thought. 
	We came upon large double doors carved with different scenes of war and peace. Stories. I realized. The doors were painted with gold. I took my arms off Damon’s and he started to open the doors. 
	What I saw left me speechless. The ceiling was way up above and on each sides were stacks and stacks of books, dusty and forgotten. No, books weren’t meant to be forgotten. They were meant to be used, tucked in, and read all night, until you couldn’t have had enough. In the center were tables for scholars, I guess, but no one was inside the library. No one but Damon and I.
	I looked at him. “Why isn’t there anyone else?” I asked clearly surprised. There were tons of books and God knows how my mother worked so hard in the market trading and selling her crops just so she could buy me books, just so she could send me to school. I knew she had a very rough time and she deserved everything she had right now.
	“There are no bookworms anymore, Alaera.” Damon gave me a bitter smile. He gestured around. “These are all the books the world has to offer, and no one, no one gives a damn in this place. They think swords could save us from the threats to our lands, but I say books have the answers. The stories I’ve read about sirens and monsters that live in the sea, the beasts that run around the forests at night. I’ve learned all about them in here, and yet, no one would take me seriously. They say I should be in the training rooms instead, galloping and strangling my big brothers.” Then he laughed. “Maybe, I should strangle Kaden.” 
	I smirked although touched by what he said. Books, they were not all fantasies and just stories. All of these books contained even a small amount of reality as much as they were fictions. “Thank you for bringing me here, and all you said was true.” I walked around indulging every book in sight that was not tattered in pieces, so different from my torn ones. “I would discourage you though, on strangling your brother. Your body, however impressive as it may seem, looks so lanky compared to Kaden, who I managed to get away from last night. I doubt you’ll last a minute.” 
	Damon chuckled and pulled a book from a shelf. “You just admitted to me that you’re impressed by my body.” Of all the things that I said, he noticed that one.
	I turned back sharply. “I did no such thing.” I said with a stoic expression and he just laughed. I rolled my eyes and marveled again at how fragrant the smell of books was.
	I scanned the titles and saw a lot of books I was attracted to. Rose could eat her men. I would indulge myself with these books.
	The bells chimed—the signal for lunch. I turned to see Damon looking at me. He was leaning on a shelf, arms crossed. “We should probably head to the dining hall.” I said. I couldn’t afford gazes like his. They were intense and I felt like he could see through me and I couldn’t afford getting anyone too close to me.
	He nodded and offered a hand. I shook my head and pretended the dress was bothering me. I scooped up my heavy skirts and began walking towards the door, not looking back to those friendly green eyes.
	The dining hall was large and intimidating. I could’ve just eaten inside my bedroom just like breakfast, but damn traditions. Lunch was the most important meal of the day for the House Veirshaw, not dinner. Lunch was the middle of the day and it was the time when everybody wasn’t asleep anymore. Caoihme said no one could sleep through lunch. She was the one who dressed me up this morning with two other girls in tow named Crysh and Tylaine. They strapped me up with a tight corset and a free flowing dress that was already magnificent for me yet still so simple for them. They actually said simple to me regarding the dress that wore a hundred different colors, all pastel.
	Caoihme told me all about the rules of the keep. I was to dine with everyone in the dining hall during lunch and may or may not appear in dinner, although the lord requested my presence. When I asked her about my mother, she just told me Lord Zaire and my mother left early in the morning to another town towards east. They’ll be back by tomorrow. 
	Damon strode in with his head held high. I tried to follow but the eyes of the people followed me and him as we entered and I so wanted to slouch and hide my face with my hair, if it wasn’t braided and pulled up elegantly by Tylaine. 
	Damon sat on a table near the dais and the throne where nobody sat. My mother. I missed her so much. “This is our table.” Damon gave me a smile I didn’t return. I was again nervous by all these people. Some were strapped in armors, other wore fine garments, but the ladies, they were all exquisite and beautiful. Jewelries lined up their necks, their arms, and diamonds, emeralds, and rubies dangled from their ears like tears. I couldn’t help but feel bitter of what they had that were given to them without so much of a sweat. I felt my hands clenched. I turned to Damon and just nodded. I took a seat across the eldest son of the lord, Vadik. 
	I bowed slightly and tried not to look so out of place. I was expecting the people in this room to be pale, because of so many time indoors, but most of them were all bronze brown, except for the women. “Good noon.” I murmured enough to be heard by Vadik. He slightly inclined his head as greeting. Not much of a talker, maybe, we’d get along just fine. 
	Food was already on the table: pork, chicken meat, turkey, even fruits, different fruits, looking so scrumptious. At least, lunch wouldn’t be that boring. I didn’t really know the names of each but I was already relishing on what they would taste like. Ring the bell. I thought and thought. The bell so that we could already eat.
	A man sat beside Vadik and it took me a moment to realize he was the man last night. Vadik patted the young man on the back. He seemed less guarded with this man around. “Ky, I haven’t seen you in a while.” Vadik even smiled.
	I just watched this Ky with inspecting eyes. In the light of the room, he looked even manlier and he could be a prince in anyone’s head except for his almost lazy look. I noted his disheveled hair and heavy eyes like he didn’t sleep the night before. He didn’t even acknowledge me. “I haven’t been in the training room and in the forest for a while. It seems like those are the two most likely places you’ll ever be in.” his voice was deep and rich carrying it all around the room.
	Damon shifted beside me and put a hand on the table. “Were you in a brothel, brother?” Kaden’s voice floated through the air. I realized he must not realize I was here. I managed to look unmoved, like I didn’t really care at all about the mention of a brothel or the voice of Kaden who maybe got no memories at all about the night before. The memory came in and immediately was gone when Ky put a fork down on the table.
	“Apologize to the lady.” Ky demanded. His stormy eyes cutting Kaden’s green ones. He was standing beside Damon. I tried not to show them I was bothered at all. I could protect myself. I have protected myself. Ky apparently still didn’t look at me.
	Vadik cleared his throat. “Ky, surely the mention of a brothel wouldn’t harm Alaera.” He gestured to me and I fought so hard not to flinch. I nodded instead. Vadik was the peace maker. Go make some peace.
	Damon somehow inched closer to me, attempting to protect me from his brother who apparently, didn’t know two of his brothers were probably going to punch him there. This time, Ky managed to look at me, his eyes full of rage.
	“Seriously, Kyros. Although we’re the same age, I’m still older than you by seven days. Don’t talk to me like that.” Kaden said and sat beside Damon. I moved a little farther, not because I was afraid but because I didn’t want a scene. “What am I supposed to be sorry for again?” 
	Before Kyros could answer, I immediately straightened and looked at him. “Kyros,” I started, his name heavy on my lips. He took a long breath. “Not here.” I said. It was a big deal and what Kaden did was almost unforgiveable but this wasn’t the place.
	Kyros looked at me. “He almost took advantage of you.” His blunt words hushed the protesting Vadik and whatever Kaden was going to say. I knew I should’ve stopped him, stopped them from their temper, but Kyros was right. He almost took advantage of you. It was a slap. I didn’t ask for an apology. If I didn’t respect myself, who would?
	I slid a glance at Damon and he was putting his palm on his face. “He was drunk.” I insisted just to get out of this mess, but later, there’s a time for an apology later, just not here.
	“What did you say I did?” Kaden whispered, clearly clueless of it all. Even Vadik clenched his jaw and turned towards his brother.
	“Is this true?” Vadik said and stood up. Everybody, even the surrounding tables quieted down and looked upon the lord’s heir. “Everybody start your meals. My brother and I have an errand to attend to. It is urgent.” Vadik walked around the table and grabbed Kaden who became silent after that. They left the dining hall when the bell chimed. Food didn’t look so appealing after.
	“I’m sorry.” Kyros said and started munching on his food. “I couldn’t stop myself.” He added with a wary look in his eyes.
	I shrugged it off still pissed about what he did. I was still pissed off with myself. “You’re clearly not okay. Eat up.” Damon said and I eased a little, starting to gobble down what food I took unconsciously since the bell rang.
	“This is Kyros, our brother.” Damon said attempting to make everything not awkward. 
	I nodded and gobbled down more food. This was delicious. My worries were gone. I took a glance at Kyros and saw him looking at me with an amused expression. I would’ve said something he wouldn’t like except that my mouth was full. 
	I finished eating with a peaceful mind. I wouldn’t think about any of it. Not now. 
	The training room was hot and I was sweating. “I didn’t see you at lunch.” I said to Rose who was smiling looking at the men sparring around. 
	“I was out in the forest with my betrothed.” She spat the word like everything was wrong in it. I wondered what kind of relationship she had with the general. “I asked him to take me with him, to look for the beasts running around the forest killing humans.” My head whirled around on Rose. I cringed at the thought of those beasts. So far, in my days in the forest, never have I encountered one, but there were always some rumors, always graver than the others about the creatures that lurked around the night. “He stopped me mid-ride and told me to stay put, like a dog.” I couldn’t help but sympathize with Rose. Every single moment of my life, men have been stubborn to see women as equals. Sometimes, to the point of disrespecting us, but there were some like Sern who thought that women weren’t less than men. 
	I cleared my throat and looked at the bow and arrows sitting by on a table. Nobody used them. Even Damon who was training with his sword in the center didn’t so much as give a glance on the weapon. “Do you want to show them something?” I asked her and a smile tugged on my lips.
	“Show them what?” she was still irritated by this general it seemed. 
	“I’m a sharp shooter.” I murmured and gestured to the bow and arrows. “I could ride a horse and still manage to shoot my target precisely and accurately wherever I wanted to.” 
	Rose was silent as she looked at me. “I never knew you could do that.” Was all she said.
	“That’s because you haven’t met me before.” I shrugged and walked towards the table where my weapons laid. 
	The training room was enormous. So far, this room was the least designed place in the keep. Its glass ceiling went high above. The air rushed in and out through the big open windows, letting the heat of the sun in too. The sounds of metals clanking on other metals weren’t new to me. This was the sound of the stadium in the market place where people would bet who’d win. 
	My heart was beating too fast now. I knew from the change of air, that the other training men have stopped whatever they were doing to look at me, wondering what a lady could do with a weapon. I reached the bow and picked an arrow, the shaft was smooth and the pointed arrow was beckoning to me. I would use you. I thought.
	I was at the opposite end of the room where the weapons were placed and my target was at the other end. I turned to the small red dot and inclined my head. I smirked knowing this was easy. This was me. This was everything I was before all these.
	I put the arrow into the hole of the bow and raised my weapon. Breathe. My father had said. I felt all of their eyes on me. I shivered from knowing I caught attention, but to prove myself, to prove what we could do. Aim. Then, shoot. I released the arrow and it went right through the air hurtling with speed, to the wooden circle, right at the center, on the red dot. 
	I realized what I did when I already did it. The room was silent looking at me. I thought someone would come to me and tell me a lady shouldn’t be in the training room shooting arrows that a lady should be in the gardens admiring flowers. Well, piss off, because I could do both. 
	Then, a voice filled the air. Rose’s. “Well, I’d say you’re impressive, Alaera, but it seems like everyone already knows that.” I placed the weapon on the table and smiled at her. “Lady Alaera could use the weapon better than most of you here.” Rose added.
	“I’d like to challenge that one day.” I heard Damon’s voice and smiled. His look was a look of a man astounded.
	“Try to beat me.” I said and walked towards Rose. It took a while before the men in the room stopped looking at me and started their training once again, but I still couldn’t stop the feeling inside of me that someone was looking at me. 
	I searched the room and was surprised when I saw a pair of gray eyes staring at me, almost calculatingly, assessing my every move, like I was a bomb waiting to explode.






















Chapter 4—
	A week have passed and I still haven’t seen my mother. In this new life of mine, it seemed like I lost my past. My mother who was almost always there for me now out of reach. 
	I haven’t seen Kaden at all. Damon claimed he was sent to the borders and placed there for punishment by his brother. The borders were where our safety ended. It was where the forest concluded to be attached to a large field of grass and when you’ve passed those grasses, another forest would appear. Fae forest. That was what everyone called it. They always said that it was the home of the faeries, witches and all other kind. Only a child would believe it, but I knew better than not to believe it. I was still horrified of the things that I nearly did to Kaden. Maybe, that wasn’t really me after all. Maybe, someone tried to help me, someone not human.
	My week was spent with an old woman tutoring me on how a lady should behave. It started on the third day and Rose gave me the news of the lessons with a grave smile. She hated what society have become accustomed to expect from women. The other time, I would sit inside the library and just hide from it all.	
	One time I decided to get out again to the gardens and regretted it. It seemed like the garden was a disaster abode for me. That was the time I met Nora or Noraelle of House Thordes. That brown haired, brown eyed bitch who turned out to be my tutor’s assistant. She claimed to be helping out my tutor willingly but behind my back, she had her own agenda.
	“I would be a bind to two houses one day.” I heard her say to her maid that day in the gardens, back to when I didn’t know her. I hated spying on someone, so I started walking off when I heard her continue. “I would marry Vadik and be made lady of House Veirshaw. Of course, I’d be more suitable than that Sierra Edavene who was just a peasant before she married Lord Zaire.” I remembered my blood heat up.
	“One should not speak that way to the lady of the house, Lady Nora.” Nora. The bitch had a name. I’d break this bitch’s neck.
	A sound stopped me. I gasped as I saw what happened. She slapped her maid. I knew I should’ve been used to all these. A lot of mercenaries and high ranking men and women in the market abused their servants, but I couldn’t believe a lady of high class would be so spoiled as to do what she did. I was about to kick her ass when she started again with all her delusions.
	“I want the bastard though. Oh, wait, he’s not a bastard. He’s adopted. That Kyros is pleasing to the eye. I bet he’s good in bed.” She smiled. My blood was boiling. “I could have them both. I’d have to ask Lady Sierra how she seduced her Lord though.” That was it. I thought and marched up to the bitch.
	My head was spinning because of her. I’d show her how to kill her instead. “Are you talking about my mother?” I stopped just behind her and now her maid, still on the ground trying hard to get up, looked at me horrified.
	The bitch turned around, her heavy yellow dress flowing with her. She looked like, what I thought she’d look like. A bitch. A pretty one, though. I’d like to smack that tiny lips of hers until they bleed.
	“If it isn’t the orphan.” She squabbled, her brown eyes pinning me.
	I am not one to back down. “At least I have manners and dignity. You have parents, I see, but did they even teach you virtue?” I snapped.
	She laughed and the woman behind her started to get up silently. “You should ask your mother about her virtue, though. I bet she had thousands of men on her bed before Lord Zaire.” I clenched my fists and was about to punch her but then, I remembered manners.
	I smiled. She raised a brow. “I’m sorry if all you could do is bet and gossip about other people.” I said through gritted teeth. “But looking at you, looking at your make up, heavy one at that, even the men in prison wouldn’t talk about you. They’d rather talk about girls in brothels.” She was pretty, but not that stunning. I’d say she looked like a slut. “You wouldn’t even have Valik.”
	She seethed in anger. “Bitch, Valik is mine and I’m going to be lady of this house one day, and the first thing I’ll do is to send you and your mother back to your rotting house in the woods.” 
	“If,” I emphasized the word. “If you become lady of this house.” I smirked. “I doubt you’ll be.”
	I left, my anger still everywhere hot in my bones but I knew better than to grab her hair and punch her. The next day, I heard she was the daughter of a lord. A lady of a house. So what? 
	A knock on my door rattled me out of my senses. I was still thinking about how I’d skin that Nora alive.
	“Come in.” I said and put the book I was reading down. 
	“Dear,” I heard the voice of my mother and I quickly got up. I looked at her and saw her face, so different from before.
	My eyebrows met as I took in her wrinkled skin, and her graying hair. She also looked weak. Gone was the light in my mother’s eyes. There in them, I saw sadness. “What happened?” I asked and got up to her. 
	“What do you mean what happened, dear? Is that how to greet your mother?” she scolded me and we went to sit on my bed. 
	“You look…” I didn’t finish what I was supposed to say because my mother smiled and the light in her eyes shone again.
	“I look dashing?” 
	“Well, I’d say that if it were true.” I joked. “Where were you? After the wedding you just took off with him. Did he hurt you or something? You look like you haven’t slept for days.” I asked, curious about the heaviness in my mother’s eyes.
	She laughed and patted me on my shoulder. “We were on a honeymoon, darling. Who would want to sleep?” I blushed and my mouth hung open. 
	“You’d catch some flies with that mouth.”
	“Mom!” I shrieked. “Get away from me. I can’t believe you’re actually in love.” I was laughing too.
	“Well, you haven’t been, so you wouldn’t know.” She stated. Yes, maybe I wouldn’t know. 
	“By the way, I’d want you to have this.” I was so focused on my mother that I didn’t even realize she was holding a box in front of her. The box my mother told me to give to the lord as dowry. It was on her hands. “This was yours the moment I saw you when you were ten. You probably didn’t remember.” Yes, I did. “This was hanging on your neck but it was inside your shirt so no one would notice. It was a fortune and I wondered why you didn’t trade for it or sell it since you clearly were out of money. You had nowhere to go to.” But that place you saw me try to get into.
	I shook my head. “Why are you giving me this?” I felt my whole body shook from the memory, from the helplessness, from the day I became an orphan, when my father died trying to save me.
	“Because I knew how important this is for you. I asked for it from the lord. He gladly gave it to me. He told me he had a dowry enough already.” She winked at me. “You didn’t sell it, maybe, because it meant a lot.” It does. Maybe, it does, but I don’t remember. I don’t remember wearing it.
	I looked at my mother, all grace and beauty, and even kindness. I took the box from her and put it on the bed. I hugged her with all my might. I heard her laugh and it was the best thing in the world.
	“Help me, Rose.” I grabbed her towards the staircase going down. I was wearing another plain dress still in corset but I was getting the hang of it that I didn’t even flinch as it hit a rib. “I don’t want to go to be with that old witch for today.” 
	Her red lips spread into a grin. “Your tutor or Noraelle?” 
	“Both.” I said and quickly dashed outside with Rose in tow. My hair was down today and I felt free as it tumbled down, the upper part braided by Caoihme. 
	“Where to, princess?” Rose mocked. “Where do we go to free ourselves of the bloody monsters?” 
	I rolled my eyes and stopped. Guards were milling around but they weren’t looking at the stables. Good. No one paid attention.
	I walked off towards the wooden home of trained horses. “Oh no.” Rose said.
	“Oh yes.” I murmured to her. The guards were too busy talking to each other about something. Their faces were grave.
	We slipped inside the stables and I marveled at the sight of horses. “Alaera, are you going to steal a horse?” Rose asked. 
	“Yes.” I said and found a horse I was starting to like. Its fur was as white as the moon when it was full. I stroked it and it moved around its place.
	“Okay.” Rose said and that was the thing I liked about her when she wasn’t talking. I learned to like that about her after a few days with her- the talking. She agreed to me almost about everything, not hiding away from adventure or even danger. 
	When I told her that I’d shoot that arrow, she didn’t stop me. Maybe she was just as restless as I was.
	I opened the wooden gate to the horse’s stock as I heard a click from behind. Rose chose a brown one.
	I held its reigns and strapped the saddle, checking the stirrup again and again, making sure it was in the right position. I didn’t remember how I knew how to do that but it sure helped me.
	“You’re kind of alive today, Alaera.” Rose noticed, but I just shrugged. 
	“I’m done moping about my life. Maybe I should embrace it.” I smoothen my horse’s mane. “Or maybe I should run away from it.” 
	Rose smiled and used a chair to ease herself up on her horse. I did the same. 
	“Ready?” Rose asked.
	“Ready.” I nodded. “No turning back.” 
	Rose tested her reigns. “Remember, don’t stop.” She reminded me.
	“That won’t be a problem.” And then we were out in the open. The guards all turned to us and I noticed Rose shifted a bit in her seat looking at me. There it was in her eyes. Fear. Fear for what? I didn’t know. 
	Then, we were moving with our horses out into the gate. It was closed. Don’t stop. Rose had said, and so, I didn’t.
	“Lady!” A guard shouted as we pushed our blind horses towards the gates. I could feel the air around me as I knew I’ve felt before, in another life maybe. I felt the rush of my blood powering me up. I heard the call of the trees, for me, for only me. I laughed as the guards tried to stop us. They couldn’t. 
	I flashed them a look I knew was a feral one and they backed down. One hurried to the trigger for the gates. They were opening it so that it couldn’t topple us elsewhere. 
	I knew Rose was shouting something at me that I didn’t hear with the wind around me and my blood pulsing in my wrists.
	“Alaera!” I heard someone called but nothing could stop me. Don’t stop.
	The gates were starting to go up slowly. Go up. Go up. Go up. I willed the stupid thing up. We were almost there but the gates were only halfway. We would fall. Go up. I thought again. Oh no.
	We were only three meters away from the thing but I wasn’t afraid. I knew I was whole. I was the more than what I was. I didn’t ever back down. I was Alaera Cohen. Up. I thought and it went up just like that into its rightful place, to help me drive with freedom. Alaera Cohen.
	“I name you Freedom.” I whispered to the horse and as if he could hear me, my brave horse lurched and moved even faster than before. I am Alaera Cohen. Regent.
















Chapter 5 – 
	I didn’t know why I chose the market instead of the woods, but I needed to see it for one last time. I needed to see the people I grew up with- my friends and even my enemies.
	The market was surprisingly teeming with people. I was still riding Freedom and a couple of onlookers stopped when I passed them by. They probably knew me from before. I probably have traded with them a couple of vegetables and items for a ride, food, or cheap bow and arrows. This was my life and I was saying goodbye to it, this time, just this time.
	At my back, Rose was following. She was looking everywhere, observing the rusted doors, the pile of broken woods, the dirty people running around the market. Sometimes, she would stop and buy food. Then, after a few more meters, she would give kids the food she had bought. I wanted to thank her, to appreciate the hope she was giving these people, but what was hope, anyway for these people? For us?
	I stopped Freedom and smiled as I saw a familiar face- Sern. His brown hair was greased with oil and he was so focused on what he was doing that he didn’t even notice that I have stopped in front of his stall. “How much for the wonderfully made bow and arrows?” 
	He stopped whatever he was doing with a pair of metal. He looked up, his brown eyes shining as he beheld me. “Well, well, the beautiful girl of the market comes back. What can I do for you, milady?” he stood up and bowed and I gave him a glare from mocking me. This was simple. This was familiar. This was us.
	I inclined my head and he laughed knowing I was irked when I started bending my neck to the side. “Well, I’d like to buy the bow and arrows I was promised to since I was thirteen.” 
	He smiled and he was one of the few people in this hell I would miss, but I knew I had to move on. If I didn’t, then I’d be stuck in the past. I’d be sad and only become a whiny kind of girl. I wouldn’t want to be like Nora.
	He walked back inside his stall. Rose cleared her throat and I looked at her. “Potential lover?” she asked seriously and I couldn’t help but laugh. “Did I say something funny to you, milady?” she said the last word like how Hugo had said it.
	“We’re friends. Not everyone is a potential lover, Rose.” I stopped heaving and grabbed the satchel I’ve brought with me. If I could help, I would. 
	Rose shrugged and went away to buy something else from a random stranger. “So, the promised item is now to be handed over to the, uhm, lady.” I smiled and marveled at the sight of the weapon I so wanted a long time ago. 
	The wooden bow was just matched for my size. It was painted gold and carved with a story I used to whisper to Hugo’s ears when he was still carving the bow. However weird and stressing the story was, Hugo agreed to carve it believing that one day, I would buy the said weapon from him. Somehow, he managed to take good care of it through the years. 
	“My original plan was to give this to you for your birthday, but it seems like I wouldn’t see you turn eighteen.” He looked so sad that I had to get down from my horse. He watched me do my thing and I faced him again, this time taking in his form fully. He looked wrecked and he probably have lost weight. There were even bruises around his body and on his face. How could I have not seen them?
	“You’ve been fighting in the arena again.” I stated. I wasn’t happy that he still had to do it. I wasn’t happy with what my friend had done during the months I’ve left. “With me gone and no one to tell you otherwise, you’ve been running back to that place! Sern, you know I hate it when you come back bruised and—“ 
	“You’re never coming back after this.” He said and looked at my horse, the dress I was wearing, and lastly, my face. “Here. Take this. Don’t pay for it.” He said and handed me the bow and arrows. 
	I opened my mouth and closed it. I didn’t know what to say. I didn’t want to be away from him when we were together through this all our life—me, Sern and Lauren. I hanged the bow and arrows on my back. Then, I grabbed Sern and hugged him so tight, I knew I was crying. I was not one to cry.
	“I love you.” He whispered and pushed me away. Quickly, he wiped the tears from my face and closed his stall. I smiled knowing I lied to Rose. He was a potential lover and now, he thought we had no chance, no chance at all. 
	He was quick. Sern was quick to close his stall but never quick enough that I managed to leave the satchel of things that might help him in the future. We could’ve been but it was always so wrong to linger on an impossible thing.
	I rode on to Freedom again and was about to call it a day when I realized Rose was nowhere to be seen. I went to find her around every stall. The store owners were all looking at me suspiciously. That didn’t bother me. They have always been wary of me. 
	“A gift for the beautiful lady.” A child’s voice entered my ears. I shivered.
	I looked to my right and found a red headed little girl raising a bottle of water for me. “Thank you.” I said and smiled. “But you need it more than I do.”
	“I insist.” The child’s words weren’t child-like at all but the look in her eyes was hopeful. I kept forgetting the people here thought my mother and I were a fairytale story. 
	I took the bottle and as I held it, she bolted away singing an old folk song that sent shivers throughout my skin.
	I rode Freedom some more looking for Rose. I was actually getting tired and was glad for the little girl’s water. I noticed the iridescent stones on the bottom of the bottle. There were three of them and I shrugged it off. I’ve been drinking market water for all these years and besides, the stones weren’t dirty at all. They were polished and the water was clean.
	Suddenly my head was spinning. Come. Come. The voice that of a young lady, high pitched entered my head. It made me shiver. Come. I didn’t know what I was doing. I began to pull on my reigns following the trail of the forest ahead. I wanted to go there. I wanted to see the forest. I wanted to reach that voice.
	Come, Alaera. There was a hiss when the woman said my name and yet, I felt her beckoning to me, asking me to go to her. I gripped the reigns moving my horse faster. Faster.
	I didn’t know how long I was riding when I reached a field. I reached a huge field of grasses. Everywhere, there were grasses. The expanse of it was unsettling.
	Come. She whispered in my ear again and I didn’t hesitate. I crossed the field never looking back.
	“Where the bloody hell am I?” I voiced out looking at my surroundings. How did I get here? 
	Everywhere around me was just trees, huge trees I couldn’t recognize. I racked my brain on how I got here, but I couldn’t remember. My horse, Freedom was just by my side when I woke up lying on the grass. I shivered from the wind. It was already nighttime and I was beginning to regret everything I did to get here. 
	I grabbed Freedom’s reigns and walked towards I didn’t know where. My heart was beating so fast and my stomach was churning. I’ve never been this terrified by the forest. I’ve known the woods all my life but this place, this area was too foreign. My instincts told me to shut my mouth up and never make a noise. If this was the place I thought it would be, then I’d be damned and dead before I see the next rising of the sun.
	Everything was quiet like this forest was long dead. Where was Rose? Maybe, she was playing a joke on me. I held my head as it suddenly throbbed painfully. God! What was happening to me?
	I squinted as I saw lights but my vision was blurry and I couldn’t see clearly. Still, I stayed quiet. If beasts were out there, I wouldn’t want them to find me. I looked up at the sky cursing myself. The stars. I wished they could lie, because by the positioning of the moon, I knew I was damned. I was in the Fae Forest. 
	I hurried up my steps but kept my breathing quiet although my heart was beating erratically. My right hand was shaking as I held on to something. I raised the bottle I was holding. She poisoned me. I finally realized. That kid poisoned me, whatever this thing was.
	Then, I moaned from the pain in my head. My vision was blurry again. Whatever that girl made me drink was full of poison. I never hated a child before.
	I raised my head and looked at the stars again for guide. If I just follow that constellation. My head was spinning. I stopped for a while working good breaths as I held my head. After a few good while when I knew my vision was better, I raised my head and found a girl dressed in black. I couldn’t see her properly at first because of the sudden change in my vision, but when she swam into focus, I didn’t even manage a yelp.
	She was holding an arrow pointed at me. I felt the weight of my own weapon on my back, but no matter how hard I try or how fast I could move, I will never be able to save myself in time. She was aiming the arrow straight at me. 
	“Let’s play a little game.” She hissed her voice rough and alarming. Freedom lurched and neighed trying to back up, but I held on to him, also backing up. My hands were shaking as I held Freedom’s reigns. I felt every breath I took and hoped it wouldn’t be the last. 
	The lady in front of me was smiling, her teeth sharp and pointed. One look and I knew what kind of predator she was, what kind of fae she was. She would eat me alive in no time. The bow and arrows were just for games. She was mocking me. 
	“I shoot.” She whispered so quietly that I shivered. I took a step back again afraid if I did a sudden move, she would release the arrow straight to my brain. “You run.” 
	It didn’t take me long enough to grasp that. I bolted and grabbed the seat on Freedom. I heaved all the strength I could and jumped as high as I could, grabbing Freedom’s mane. I gasped as I almost fell while Freedom ran. An arrow shoot past me just above my ear. 
	Adrenaline coursed through me that I managed to get myself up on Freedom. I ducked and rode my horse left and right, just so she would have a hard time catching me. In this forest, anyone could catch me. I was a dead girl riding a dead horse.
	A laugh filled the whole forest. “You couldn’t get away from me, child!” she screeched and I, despite of knowing it was a bad idea, turned back to see her on her knees and her claws as black as night hit the ground and flew and hit the ground again. She was running like an animal. 
	I was scared out of my mind especially when my head hurt again. Freedom suddenly veered right and I almost fell having my head knocked on my horse’s neck. As hard as I could, I took my bow from my back while riding as fast as light. There were a lot of trees and I couldn’t look back even for a clear shot, but it was worth a try. 
	My blind horse followed me as I veered it right and left, escaping the bite of the trees. Wind was suddenly so acrid that I had to breathe through my mouth. This was it, I slowed down Freedom and grabbed an arrow. I quickly looked back and I had the time to gasp when I saw gold eyes directly in front of me. She was on Freedom already, barely an inch from me. It was about to pounce on me. I felt its hot reeking breath and decided last minute to screw everything up. I took the arrow and plunged it inside the monster’s mouth, going up on its hard palate as Freedom hit a tree. I’m sorry. I thought hoping the horse would not die. I fell to the ground so hard I knew my head would bleed. 
	I laid down still on the rough ground not daring to move, until I heard a crack of wood. I sat up quickly and saw just a few meters from me the monster bleeding through its mouth as it threw the arrow I plunged into its mouth off towards a tree.
	“Stupid girl.” She hissed and suddenly she was above me, her blood dripping on my face. My head hurt due to the impact when the monster hit me. “Your heart would taste so good. Yes, beat some more before I end you.” She could hear my heart beating right out of my chest. Oh God, this monster was real. She bared her sharp yellow teeth and came for my neck. I closed my eyes and waited. 
	Nothing. Nothing bit me, but the forest wasn’t silent. I sat up and quickly dashed for my fallen horse. I stopped as I heard a shriek coming from the monster that almost took my life.
	I turned back, eyes widening with fear and awe as I beheld the two creatures in front of me. The wolf- gray and white with its fur, as big as a carriage had bitten the fae woman. The wolf hurled the monster against a tree and with a thud, just like that, the woman’s eyes as they looked through me, not seeing anymore, turned red then back to brown. Then, she was just a woman. Her teeth were not anymore jagged and pointed. Her claws were now a lady’s fingers. 
	I shivered and backed up towards my horse which have recovered itself thankfully. I was moving quietly hoping the wolf wouldn’t look at me, wouldn’t realize I was there, but I bet he knew. Wolves could hear and smell differently from humans. He whirled around and I saw big gray eyes staring at me pinning me down. Then it howled.
	Great. I thought remembering the lectures I have gotten. He was calling his pack. “Wouldn’t,” I breathed trying to make my last statements in this world a good one. “Wouldn’t it be nice for you to have me by yourself? Sharing is for dogs. You’re a wolf.” I may have been imagining it, but I swore I heard a laugh under the wolf’s growl. At least if I would be eaten, I wouldn’t want my body ripped around for everybody. Oh here’s her hand, Give me some of the fingers. God! I was absurd. 
	My head hurt again and I moaned in pain. The gray wolf came to me his eyes devouring every tiny bit of flesh I had. He would devour me later, and there was no one to save me. They were real. Beasts and monsters and witches. Faeries were real.
	“Stay back, wolf!” the miracle I was praying for came. Lauren’s voice. I knew that voice, but sleep was forcing its way to me as I felt the pain in my head again. Surprisingly, the wolf backed up but it was still there looking at me. Then, I remembered. Lauren. I would prefer to die alone than my friends to suffer. Lauren you stupid girl, run.
	I felt nothing after that as oblivion hit me hard in my head.



Chapter 6 – 
	Motherless. Fatherless. I was an orphan. 
	She took me by the arm in which her hand would leave marks on my skin far along, red marks. “I am truly remorseful for your loss, dear, for I have faced the same circumstances you are facing this day and age.” For a moment, I have thought there was sincerity in her voice, imagination, it was indeed. “But time is fleeting and we must grieve briefly and carry on our tasks. Where is your sister?” At that, I stiffened. No, they cannot take her away from me.
	“She’s in a deep slumber, regent. Nothing good comes out of a gray day.” I said confidently as I could. She nodded and stopped walking. I stopped too. “Will we be together?” I asked as quietly as I could, ironic as it may seem.
	Susan’s hold on me tightened. “It should be spoken about in the gathering.” Her voice was laced with caution. This time, I held her, not forcefully for it may have been seen too provoking. 
	“You cannot forbade us to be together. I could take good care of her.” I looked at the regent, her eyes were the color of honey, but they were as fierce as a bee’s sting. “Let me take care of her. I’d raise her as a proper witch with morals and discipline. I would raise her to be a lady, refined and sharpened for who she’s supposed to be. The wolves took away her parents, but you, all of you witches, her own kind, you can’t take away her sister from her.”
	The regent was silent for a while. Have I spoken too much? Did I destroy any chance of me and my sister growing together, all alone in the woods where I expected us to be? “Alaera,” she paused and knelt down, looking at me like I was a child. Her hands came down on my shoulders. “Your sister isn’t the only one who has lost her parents. You also lost them. You’re only twelve, but if you insist on keeping your sister with you, I shall arrange a suitable and lawful verdict. Maybe, I’d let you two have a guardian for a while, until you turn responsible enough, which I think wouldn’t be that long.”
	My eyes went wide. “Alaera, you are an ideal child. You would grow up to be a delightful leader.” Then her eyes were as sad as the star lights in the sky ever since my parents died. “Don’t encourage anger, dear.”
	I woke up from a strange dream feeling pain all over my body. The regent whoever she was, had a creepy enough face. I didn’t remember even having a sister. There was a candle by my bedside table. I was back in the keep, in my bedroom. A shadow on the floor almost shook me until I saw who the person sitting on a wooden chair, sleeping was. Kyros.
	I tried to sit up but couldn’t. It was still nighttime when I looked at my glass window. The moon was shining down for us, guiding and illuminating. It has seen everything that happened. I recoiled when I remembered what happened.
	I tried to climb a tree despite Rose’s interventions and when I fell, I hit my head. That was what happened, but something felt wrong. It almost seemed like the memory was too hazy, too unclear. Where did I try to climb? In the forest going home? Or near the market? Why did I climb in the first place?
	My eyes drifted to where Kyros was sleeping and I almost shrieked when I realized he was fully awake surveying me, watching me. “You’re awake.” He said his voice almost like a growl. “Don’t ever do that again.” he commanded.
	“You have no right to tell me what to do.” I was annoyed. Nobody could tell me what to do. “Could you please leave now? You’re creeping me out. I’m not going elsewhere to climb another tree.” I muttered and tried to reach the glass of water on my bedside table. 
	“You also have no right in telling me what to do.” My words right back at me. He stood up and grabbed the glass of water handing it to me. 
	I reached for it but he took it back again. Seeing me scowl made him laugh reverberantly until every nerve in my body snapped awake. “Promise me never to harm yourself again, Alaera and I’ll give you the comfort of drinking this water.” He said. I inclined my head feeling every bit irked by this man’s presence. His gray eyes pinned me though. Gray eyes. “Could you promise that, Alaera?” Gray eyes.
	Suddenly, my head hurt. I tried to grasp what familiarity his gray eyes sent, but I felt too thirsty. “Promise. Now give me that.” I grabbed the glass of water almost violently when he handed it to me and gulped down every drop of it. “But you know what they say. Promises are meant to be broken.” I smirked at him knowing I won.
	He just shook his head as if he knew I was going to say that. I was too predictable for him. He sat down again on the chair looking at me intently. “So?” I asked. I didn’t know why I needed guarding from climbing a tree. Or perhaps, it was because I stole their horse. I chided myself. I have forgotten what I did. Was Lord Zaire mad?
	“So, sleep.” He answered getting comfortable in his chair but I knew how it felt to sleep on wood and it wasn’t at all pleasant. 
	“You don’t have to stay there.” I said and gestured to the chair. “You’ll get a back ache tomorrow.” 
	He arched a brow. “What are you implying?” This time I raised my eyebrow. “Do you want me to sleep with you on the bed?” I opened my mouth shocked and blushing. He did not just say that. A thousand scenes were playing on my mind that I had to push them all away quickly so that it wouldn’t move to another horrifying one.
	Then, he laughed again. “I was implying that,” I paused and gathered a breath. “You could just sleep in your own room on your own bed, drooling on your own pillow.” I rolled my eyes. 
	He was still smiling at me, and I, I was annoyed at him and at myself on letting him get under my nerves. A howl took my attention and I looked out to the glass windows leading to my balcony. 
	“Sleep, Alaera. Tomorrow is another day.” He said and I found myself so tired and bruised. I huffed and glared at him one last time and turned my back. 
	It took me almost an hour to find sleep again. I couldn’t sleep with Kyros inside my room and as much as he was so new in my life, was as much trust I was giving him. I closed my eyes letting sleep pull me in until I heard him say, “I won’t let him hurt you.” Who was him? And I didn’t know whether it was a dream or if it was real.
	The world began to feel like it was shrinking and I realized with a sudden jolt that it was. Shrinking me too until I was falling, falling into endless black hole. 
	I splashed on the ground as my father dragged me away from the killer. “Run! Run faster!” he begged me dragging me almost too harshly. He knew he needed to do that. He knew he needed me to get away.
	“What was that, daddy?” I asked. My father’s strong hands were shaking. He was a solider. He served the House Veirshaw, the house which overlooked the city for the king. He was confident and never did falter. He was always smiling, unlike now. 
	“You don’t need to know.” He said and proceeded to carry me with his two hands. “Remember, whatever happens, when I tell you to run, you run, okay?” he shouted shaking me.
	I nodded managing an “Okay.” With my little voice. There was a sound from the back and I knew whoever the killer was, he was near.
	Then, suddenly out of nowhere, he was in front of my father. I was thrown to the nearest pile of bushes. It didn’t hurt as much as my father’s now bleeding cheek.
	The killer slashed towards my father and again and again, my father tried to dodge it. My father groaned and growled. “Who are you?” Blood and sweat dripping towards his coat and his badge. “Who sent you to kill me?”
	The killer grabbed another dagger. He was dressed in black, all black, nothing to indicate form which house he was from, or who he was entirely. He was a trained assassin battling my solider father. 
	My father took his sword parrying and ducking, and hitting the killer. For a moment, I thought he’d win. The killer was already too tired but he had to say what he had to say. “I didn’t come for you.” His rough voice, unrelenting and no mercy that it sent me backing up against a tree. “I came for her.” And that split second my father turned to me mouthing run was his big mistake. 
	He didn’t see the killer coming. I realized with that sudden speed the killer showed as he forced his daggers into my father’s lungs that he was toying with him all along. A predator. I cried aloud as I beheld my father’s hazel eyes went unseeing as he fell on the floor facing the sky. 
	The killer’s eyes turned to me. He wasn’t of this world. With that speed, he was Fae. “A little girl asked me to kill you. At first I wasn’t up for the job. She said she’ll have me killed if I fail.” A little girl? I wasn’t hearing him anymore as I looked at my dead father’s blood dropping on the ground. There was thunder over me. The sky was mourning my loss too. “But she did pay well.” 
	My father died because of a little girl who asked a Fae to kill me. Instead of being terrified, I was angry, so angry that I made an unusual sound. 
	The killer was near me as he raised his dagger. It was almost absurd that I had to die with a beautiful dagger- diamond and sapphire stones on both side of its hilt. I looked into the eyes of the monster that killed my father. I was angry, and for the first time, I’ve seen fear at the back of his eyes. The ground shook and I gave a little cry as he plunged his dagger into my heart, except that it was stuck mid-air. It didn’t even reach my clothes.
	The killer’s body was starting to disintegrate. Piece by piece his skin was peeling. Just like how I wanted it to be. Anger fueled my blood and I thanked whatever miracle it was that made my enemy scream. He screamed until a branch of a tree grew to his side and then it was surrounding him. I didn’t even flinch or scream or try to get away. I knew the tree wouldn’t hurt me. 
	The branch hugged the killer’s body until he was hauling out his insides, blood were making their way out of his body, out from his mouth, nose, eyes and ears, even his pores. The dagger fell on the ground. I stood there watching him die as he watched my father died.
	Then it was over. The branch let go of him until he landed near my feet. His bloody red eyes bulging out of its sockets. He was a masterpiece I was willing to paint. But the anger boiled down and I stared down in horror to what nature had done. To what I possibly did. But that wasn’t possible. I was human. I wasn’t Fae or Witch or any of their kind. 
	What happened slammed into me like a lightning bolt. I turned to where my father was lying down, lifeless and cold. I ran to him, almost stumbling and I didn’t care whether I got blood on my cheeks, my face, and my hands. I hugged him so tight. I hugged him the way I have always did, and as tears sprang in my eyes going down the road to my father’s chest, I knew he wouldn’t hug me back. He couldn’t ever hug me back.
	My white dress was full of blood when I stood up after what seemed like forever lying with a dead corpse. I took my father’s sword and rain poured down. I didn’t care. I didn’t care as I plunged the sword to a ground, creating dents on the soil. I didn’t have a shovel. I had to make do of what I had. I heaved the soil from the ground putting it aside. I was crying and I was scratching and clawing the ground to make a difference, but it was raining. 
	I did it for a few hours, give or take. I created a hole for the one person I have always loved. And I was scared and broken but never weak for my father. Pushing his bloody body was the hardest thing I had to do. Rolling him towards his own funeral.
	Finally, he was six feet under and I didn’t know how I got the strength to create a hole, or to push the wet and darkened soil towards my own father’s body so that he would be buried by my hands. I’ve got my father’s blood on my hands. I killed him. I killed him when that killer plunged his daggers through him, because it was never meant to be him. It was for me. 
	“Never be weak for the ones you love.” I whispered to the air when I finished, looking down on what I created. I put his badge on the top of the soil. “Never be weak for they are never weak for you.” I recited the words he had always spoken to me. “And as the sun falls and the moon rises, as the impending darkness as cold as the winter wind caresses your skin. As light goes out, I will never forget that love is strength.” 
	And then I was running, running into the back hole again swallowing me up and up, rattling my brains, until it let me out into a familiar door. 
	The door to the brothel was wooden and uncarved, just plain old door. I was ten and I wasn’t unpleasing to the eye. Whatever they made of me, I didn’t care. I didn’t care as I raised my hand, but I stopped. I couldn’t sell myself, but I was hungry and I got nothing. I had no mother, my dead father told me she died a long time ago, when the war was still going on. So, there was no other place for me. 
	I gave two knocks, soft and undecided knocks. The brothel house opened to a sight of a woman with a face full of different colors, but I saw no color anymore. To me, everything was a shade of gray. “What do we have here?” the woman’s voice high pitched and scary flowed through me like a blade. Her breath smelled like smoke and disaster. 
	I was in for disaster. I held my head high when a hand grabbed me. “I’m sorry madam. My child seems to have lost her way.” A woman with kind blue eyes and beautiful wavy brown hair smiled at me. “You know children, you leave them for a while, and they suddenly dash away.”
	The woman closed the door with a loud bang, not even daring to nod. “You little child!” The woman hauled me away from the brothel, scolding me, until I thought my ears fell off. “You do not just stalk into a brothel house! They will turn you into a whore and you wouldn’t want that, would you?” 
	When I didn’t answer, realization dawned on the woman’s face. “Don’t ever step on those stairs again.” she held my hand and whereas mine was cold, hers was warm and gentle, full of love. “Call me Sierra, or mother if you’d like. Now, you are my daughter. If someone tells you otherwise, tell them to bloody shut their mouth.” And I recognized a color that day- red. The blood of anyone who would try to hurt Sierra or even me. 
	Then I felt it, the sting of real life as I shook violently.
	I woke up with my sweat all over my body and a hands shaking me. My eyes met Kyros’s gray ones. “Alaera.” He breathed, the fragrance of his mouth pouring all over me. I leaned back on the bed, trying to get away from the nearness of him.
	Then, I remembered everything. I remembered the pain. I remembered the numbness that I’ve felt after my father died and before I met Sierra. I remembered burying my own father. I remembered almost selling myself to a brothel. I remembered my father’s death only today.
	“Alaera, what happened?” Kyros asked taking me back to reality, but I wasn’t dreaming dreams. I was dreaming and remembering. They were all real. They all felt like the way I felt.
	I didn’t say anything not trusting myself. I couldn’t burst. Not now. Not when I was almost forgetting everything that happened in the past. “Alaera.” Kyros chanted my name again and again as he wiped away my tears. I didn’t even know I was crying.
	When I calmed down, I stared at my window. Sunlight streamed in. 
	“I buried my father.” I said and Kyros, now sitting on the edge of the bed eyes on ground looked up at me. I didn’t look him in the eye. “There was a note that came in the house that day. A note that said only one thing ‘run’ and my father, as the soldier he was, he didn’t run. He wanted to face whoever that was, until he came. My father fought him for a while inside our house. The killer slayed my father’s horse. His name was Thryon. He was a good horse, that one. But it was not for spite. The killer took Thryon’s life so that we couldn’t ride away from him. So that we would run and we did.” This time I sobbed.
	“I was only nine years old.” I breathed and still, I couldn’t look at Kyros. I couldn’t tell him face to face. I just had to tell someone. “We ran but the killer murdered my father and that wasn’t the worst part. He told my father he didn’t come to kill him. He came to kill me. Me.” 
	I heard Kyros’s breath let out. “And you buried your father.” I nodded. His gaze was still on me. “Alaera.” He said. “Alaera, look at me.” He ordered and for the first time, I looked at somebody in the eyes, somebody who knew my past. Even Sierra didn’t know what happened to me before we met. I only told her I lost my parents. “It isn’t your fault.” And for a moment, I wanted to believe him but I knew the truth. Whoever wanted to kill me still nagged my brain and now, when I was starting to live, that person was trying to get to me again.
	“It feels so real, the dream, and because it was real. It happened. I was reliving it again and again.” I said. “I preferred my previous nonsense dreams than this. I preferred dreaming about a regent and a sister. I don’t even have a sister.” 
	Kyros’s eyes sparked and he clenched his jaw. “Whatever this is, we will stop it.”
	“Stop what? You couldn’t stop dreams, Kyros.” I didn’t want to sleep anymore.
	Kyros took my hand, a way to comfort me, perhaps. No one has ever held my hand before like he did. Surprisingly, he was warm, so different from his cold demeanor. “Don’t ever think for a second that it was your fault. This life has damned you enough.” He said and stood up. “I hope she’s a good gift for a dark start of the day, Alaera.” He said and stopped by the door. “And please, call me Ky.”
	He went out. She? Then there was a knock on the door. “Come in.” I whispered not really wanting to let somebody in. Why did I say all those? 
	Then a figure I knew so well entered my room. A tall black raven haired girl paired with deep black eyes. She was so pale I have always thought of her as a ghost. “Lauren.”
Chapter 7 –
	“What were the dreams like?” Lauren asked. Apparently, she was my new maid and I didn’t like the idea of me bossing her around. 
	I shrugged as she fixed my pale blue dress. My hair was up again all thanks to Tylaine. “They were more like memories replaying again and again in my head.” 
	Lauren stopped smoothening my dress. “I didn’t like what I did, you have to know that.” She said, then proceeded with picking my shoes.
	“What? What did you do?” I asked her and she just placed a pair of blue shoes with heels in front of me. I put them on and willed Lauren to look at me again.
	She did and she grimaced. “I, I did something you wouldn’t like, but after a lot of thinking, I l think I’d be undoing It.” She smiled her eyes shining as she beheld my balcony. She always loved climbing and balconies. “What else did you dream about? Just memories?” 
	I shrugged again and sat on my bed. “I dreamt about a sister I don’t have and a regent.” This time, Lauren’s head snapped back at me.
	“A what?” Her voice was demanding.
	“A sister and a regent.” I repeated annoyed already. 
	Lauren’s eyes were wary and something in my gut told me she was hiding something from me. “How did you meet Kyros?” 
	“I, uh, well, when you fell, I was also in the premises. I asked him to give me a job here since you’ve got no other friends.” She recited like she knew what to say before I could ask them. And the way she was telling me I’ve got no friends bothered me. Not because it was meant to warm. It was meant to hurt me. 
	I left my room. Lauren said she had other things to do. I wondered what those other things were.
	I was already on my way when Noraelle started the bad choice of walking with me. Her heels were too annoying clanking on the tiled floors. I worked my best not to acknowledge her, instead, I looked at the vines curling around the terraces.
	“Pretty brave, Alaera.” She said and I hinted a smirk was on her face right now. “Brave, but Lord Zaire doesn’t allow anyone to disobey his orders. We’re not doing lessons today. Follow me.” At that, my hand stilled. 
	Of course Lord Zaire would give me a punishment. I stole, no borrow, his horse with Rose yesterday causing a scene and practically announcing to everybody I was disobedient.
	The smile on Nora’s face was enough punishment but I had to trace my steps back to the throne room where a stern-looking Lord Zaire was sitting on his throne with my mother sitting on another one beside him. 
	My mother’s look of disapproval was worse. She was looking at me like I just disappointed her to the maximum level. She knew I couldn’t stay indoors forever.
	“Lord Zaire.” Nora’s voice was so high-pitched and annoying that I had to roll my eyes as I curtseyed with her. 
	When I raised my head to where Lord Zaire was seated, his look was more of a king than a stepfather. Dismissed, Nora walked off to the sidelines. I noted other people were here too. Even Valik was here about to witness a scolding.
	Rose came in just a few moments and I noted a man wearing an armor shifted on his place. That must be General Gastrell. Although not asked to speak, I started, “It was my fault. Not hers.” 
	Lord Zaire brushed a hand away and sighed. “Yes, yes. I heard about the horse riding you two did yesterday.” I looked at Rose and she winked at me not at all afraid even the slightest. “I’m just glad none of you was harmed. The Fae in the forest are starting to cross our borders now. Some of the undersea creatures were horrifying the people near the sea. There are some who claimed they saw a woman, cut in half flying all over the town.” There was anger in the lord’s voice and I just wished I wasn’t standing awkwardly in front of him. 
	“A letter arrived just yesterday that the Fae’s queen left the Fae forest. She, whoever that monster is, is gone to the north. On what business? I don’t know. That made the other Faeries restless and able to do what they desire. With no control of a queen, they are savages.” The king continued. “So, I’ll be expecting you two not to leave the premises again.”
	Was that it? 
	“And for your punishment,” Apparently, that was not it. There was humor in the lord’s eyes as she looked at my mother then back at us again. “You’ll be helping with the food for lunch. Go off do your thing.” He knew. He knew I loved to cook and as much as I was glad with it, the look of horror in Rose’s face shut my mouth and forced my smile back underneath.
	“Come on. It couldn’t be so bad.” I told Rose as we curtseyed and turned our backs towards Lord Zaire. I smiled at Rose and she smiled back but a falter in her smile told me she hated cooking.
	Rose wasn’t kidding. She didn’t know how to cook at all. Everything she did was a disaster and so, I had to let her do the washing of the dishes instead. I smiled and hummed even with the other cooks. I was at peace for the first time.
	“I have to go to the ladies’ room.” I told the head cook and she gladly took the pan off from my fingers. The smell of chicken, spices, and food itself was warming.
	I got out of the kitchen with sweat all over me. Surprisingly, the ladies’ room was far. It was in a corner. I quickly refreshed myself and was about to leave the room when I heard voices I was familiar with.
	“You have to give Alaera her memories.” Kyros demanded to whoever he was talking to. I got a strange bad feeling that I should pry on them.
	“I can’t. If she gets her memories, she’s going to start asking. She’ll leave this place afraid everyone she touches could be destroyed by her.” It was Lauren, now talking. “She doesn’t let anyone in after what happened. This is a safe place for her and she’s got us. We’ll protect her.” 
	“Protect her!?” Ky raised his voice. “If protecting her means having her endure remembering every horrible detail of her life, then I ask you not to protect her. Leave her to me.”
	This time I heard a stomp. “To you, Kyros? Who are you really? You haven’t told me who you are in Alaera’s life and how you knew she isn’t human.” I wasn’t human. Any hope, any spark of being normal flew all the way out the door. I wasn’t human. “Kyros, I can’t give her back her memories as much as I hated taking it away in the first place.”
	“Do you even know who she dreamed about? That sister she talked to you about?” I shivered on how familiar Ky was talking about me, like he knew me all my life, but he couldn’t have. He and I never met before. “Giver her back her memories. She can protect herself and as she does, we will protect her alongside.” Ky ordered. 
	Then there were footsteps instead of voices. They were gone. 
	I got out of that room and ran away. I ran for escape. I wasn’t human. My friend, Lauren, somehow knew what I was. Maybe, she wasn’t even my friend to begin with, and Kyros! Only he knew what I was, who that sister was, who I was. I needed answers and if Lauren wasn’t willing to give me one, then I’d have to find out for myself.
	I didn’t even realize I was already running downstairs in a dark corner when I heard talking guards. Torches lit up the path. I was about to go back when I heard a scream. I scrambled for a hiding place and found a corner. I squatted down and waited for the footsteps to walk past by me so that I could leave the damned place I was in.
	Then the screaming was even louder than before. “Faster! Someone might see! Lord Zaire would kill us if someone notices what we’re doing!” a guard said and the footsteps were even faster now. Coming to me. 
	I was shaking as I backed up hoping the shadows would hide me. “Open a cell!” the guard barked and another guard was running holding many keys. 
	I fought a gasp as they walked past by me holding a woman in red shackles. She was screaming and thrashing. The woman had red hair. Her eyes were intense as she looked at the guard. “Take these off me!” she shouted and as if the shackles were burning her, she kicked and tried to get away from it. 
	“Shut up, witch!” Then, the guard smacked his hand on the woman’s head. Her screams died down and I never knew they could be that cruel. But she was a witch. He called her a witch and the lord knew about this. He was behind all these. They were probably hiding Faeries and Witches back in the cells. I shivered. If I wasn’t human, then I was in a great deal of trouble hiding here.
	I slipped out of my hiding place and ran back to where I was supposed to be. I would play this one out and later, I would think of what I had to do, what I should do. The lord was my enemy. I didn’t know but now, I knew. I had to get away.
	It was lunch time and as usual, I was sitting on a table where Rose, Damon, Valik, Nora, and Kaden were all bunched up talking. Kyros was nowhere to be seen. Even Lauren was missing. I just hoped I wouldn’t see them.
	“You seem so silent.” Damon whispered on my ear. I looked at him and found his worried eyes staring back at me.
	“Maybe,” I smiled looking for a lie. “I’m just tired.” I said. 
	“Oh. You had a hard time in the kitchen?” I wished I could take back what I said.
	“No! Not at all. I loved working in the kitchen. I wasn’t just used to working a lot lately.” I smiled at him, hoping he wouldn’t notice my unease. His father was putting Faeries in his cells. Oh God. What have I put myself into? “Maybe, I could train just to get my muscles moving.” I joked.
	Annoyingly, Nora caught up on it. “Training? For you? You’ll never survive men, Alaera. Ladies aren’t supposed to fight. We’re supposed to read books and drink tea.” She smirked from Valik’s side. “No wonder you couldn’t be a lady.” I was failing in my lessons and she knew it, probably, even marveled in it.
	“No one can tell me what I’m supposed to do, Nora.” I answered back. “Not even standards worked up by people for ladies and lords.” I stood up, not wanting any more of Nora’s words. “If you excuse me.”
	I heard Rose laugh. “I think queens and ladies should learn to wield at least one weapon.” I looked back to see Rose nudged Valik. “Right?” Her eyes pinned Valik.
	Valik actually smiled at Rose and nodded. I was glad he didn’t like Nora too, or I would kick myself in the butt if I could. “That would be great, actually.”
	I headed out into the hall not bothering to look back to someone calling after me.
	A hand caught me and to my surprise and dismay, it wasn’t Damon. His brother’s hand was on my arm and I took it back immediately. Kaden was standing awkwardly as he looked for the words he wanted to say. 
	“I, I apologize for what I did.” Kaden said his foot restlessly tapping the floor. “I didn’t know what I was doing.” He said, then quickly followed it, “But it couldn’t justify what I did. I know that. Still, I’m sorry. I hope we could start off anew?” his words were a question in them, and he actually apologized. It just took him weeks to get the courage to.
	“It’s alright.” I said and bowed to him slightly, just to show him I respected what he did. 
	I turned around and was about to leave when he spoke up again. “I could get you into training, Alaera.” His words took me back and I spared him a glance. “If you’re still up to it.” With this protecting of Ky and Lauren, I knew I needed to protect myself however way I can. I couldn’t just depend on people doing it for me, especially on people who knew and lied to my face what actually happened that day. I got the feeling I did not fall from a tree.
	I looked back at him and smiled. “Yes, I’m up to it.”
	I fixed my bed putting pillows under the blankets. I didn’t even know if people still bought this kind of trick. I had to get out and find answers and there was one person I knew who could, perhaps help me.
	I opened my closet and tied a blanket’s end to another end. There were too many guards in the hallway and they certainly wouldn’t let me out, or they would probably escort me somewhere in the grounds, not in the market. 
	There were different clothes in my closet and it took me a while to find something unlady-like. I found a pair of loose black pants which had buttons on the left sides. I figured they were for saddling. Luckily, I’ve found a very short dress that would pass on for a shirt. Thankfully, it didn’t hug my body. I took a coat and head out on my balcony.
	My bow and arrows- the gift from Sern. I inspected my only weapon and noticed a dent on the side. How did it get there? I set aside the nagging feeling in my brain and put my weapon on my back where a holder was strapped.
	After tying the one end of the blanket, I let the other fall. I was only two stories up, so I wouldn’t mind falling. I’d rather not fall though.
	I quickly went over the terrace, not even bothering to look down. My heart was hammering inside my chest and I never thought I would, at one point be doing what I was doing. When I got my body and feet on the other side of the terrace, looking at my room seemed like a strange fantasy. It seemed so surreal. This wasn’t my life. Something was very wrong. 
	Then, suddenly I was standing outside a hut house on a porch. I was looking out into the wild night. There was howl from a wolf and all I wanted was to destroy, to torture, and to kill. I wanted them to fall on their knees in front of me.
	I pushed back a scream.
	I was falling. I wasn’t safe on a porch somewhere. I wasn’t thinking those thoughts.
	Oh God! Did I just have a dream while I was awake? I grabbed onto something, anything to hold me up before I hit the ground. 
	Thankfully, the blanket stayed put when I reached my hands on it and hugged it with what was left of my waking self. I almost killed myself, wake dreaming if there was such a thing. 
	I looked down and found that I was nearly, nearly there. I slowly got down and brushed the thoughts off. I knew I had to get answers first before I kill myself. 
	I walked towards the back gates, the ones Rose told me about. She said secret transactions with the other houses came in from there, and there were guards but not so much because they didn’t want to catch attention. Of course, Rose would know all of those. She said she eavesdrop occasionally and by occasionally, she meant every single time. 
	But I wondered whether secret transactions meant dragging faeries from the Fae forest in the castle to the dungeons underneath. Will I be dragged there if they found out?
	The two guards near the gates were unfortunately alert. Their eyes were looking out everywhere. Of course, I had a plan in my mind, but I doubted I could do it. 
	I held up the hood of my coat to my head and remembered what my father taught me about guards. If you knew where to look, if you knew how to outsmart the guards, then you’d win no matter how small you are. 
	My father taught me how to outsmart thieves, opportunists, and even his own guards and maybe that was the reason why I have survived all these years without getting myself killed.
	I grabbed a rock from the ground and threw it opposite my position. Of course, I knew the guards would hear that, but they were not dumb enough to check it out together. Only one would leave and he would be dumb enough to come back. I left my position knowing the guard would also check it. I ducked to hide from bushes and I was thankful for the love of nature at that moment.
	I grabbed my bow and plucked an arrow into the hole, aiming for the guard left guarding the gate near a tree. 1… 2… 3… I let go of the arrow. I grabbed another arrow as swift as the wind and aimed again.
1… 2… 3… I let go of the second one. 
	The guard was now against the trunk of the tree covered with moss. Both of my arrows struck his clothes just above the shoulders. It pinned him against the tree securing that he wouldn’t be able to reach me in time, and then I ran, covered in hood. He wouldn’t know me in these clothes.
	“Hey!” the guard said and I ran even faster, my boots making awfully loud sounds against the dirt.
	“Stop!” I heard a different voice. The one who left came back. Wrong move. I grabbed another arrow and targeted quickly, aiming, I shoot. 
	He fell to the ground, his coat pinned to the soil. I ran fast into the woods. At least I knew these woods. I was just so unlucky I didn’t have a horse with me. I hope Freedom was fine.
	I moved with such ease and ran with less tightness in my chest although I haven’t been running in a week. 
	My hands felt the rough trunks of the trees as I passed by them. There was a sound of hooves back coming from the castle and I realized, of course, they would follow me. 
	I climbed a tree putting back my weapons on my back. Thankfully, the ground was dry. Nothing to leave such marks. Then I threw, not shoot an arrow towards the other direction, hoping they’d think it fell from my back and head that way.
	When four guards came riding their horses- each one as big as the other, they saw the arrow and as much as I’ve guessed it, they went to that wrong direction. Outsmart them, my ass. 
	I smirked and dropped down from the tree. Sometimes, people are just too predictable. I started to move when I heard hooves and almost lost it. My nerves were all on alert. 
	I turned back grabbing my bow and an arrow. I had my target when my eyes met green ones. My eyes widened as the person in front of me pulled his horse’s reigns. “Alaera?” his brows were furrowed. “What are you doing?” he whispered and he looked back to where he came from. He came back alone. He did not follow the bait. He was smart. Of course, he was a lord’s son. My plan was failing.
	“I-I needed to get to the market.” I said sounding helpless. Perhaps, that may be the way out of this-to be helpless. I stepped forward not wanting to do what I was going to do. “I couldn’t stay there anymore! I feel sick of living inside! I feel like it’s suffocating me! Like I can’t breathe!” I whined. Yes, more whining girl and you might win him over. 
	There were sounds of hooves. Damon looked to where the sounds were coming from. Then he came down pulled me by my waist. His hand was warm and I could feel it with these layers of clothes on me. His green eyes were intense filling me with dread from lying to him. Then he carried me, putting me on his horse. 
	“Why didn’t you tell me?” He smiled then hopped on the horse. “I would gladly bring you there, anywhere you wish to be.” When he said that, I felt what I haven’t felt for a long time. I felt secured. I held onto his waist as he rode his horse towards the forest, my smile never leaving my face.







Chapter 8 –
	Three knocks. That was all that witch needed according to rumors I’ve heard in the market since I was a child. There were always tales about the witch that sold potions, different kinds at that. There were potions for sleep, poison that murders, and even for anti-love. Everybody had been talking about her like she could kill you if you didn’t pay well. I sure as did bring a few gold coins with me. 
	Damon was beside me. He didn’t ask me what I came here for. He didn’t even hesitate coming with me as I knocked thrice on a red door. Red meant witches. People were superstitious even to the point of color coding fairies and their kind. Gray for the Kapre, White for the Diwata or the normal faeries, like commoners, or whatever. I didn’t really know how the Faerie, Witch, other unearthly creatures worked. 
	Humans have started to live with the other kinds, but in this part of the country, Lord Zaire gave the otherworldly creatures a place to live in, separated from the humans. The other lands, well, they continued to interact with the faeries. Others were like Vherdys. 
	Some have said that the eight kingdoms of the North which we have called Nheirtress, and Druala, a country just a border away from us, were already starting to treat Faeries, Witches, Wolves, and their kinds, as not lesser than humans, but not higher too. They started up negotiations a long time ago. 
	Nevertheless, we have always feared these creatures who weren’t us. But something in the back of my mind thought that I couldn’t fear myself any longer. Answers. That was what I want.
	“So, will we wait here for a while more?” I felt his gaze once more on me and I felt for the coins in my pockets, just making sure I did really bring what I needed. I looked at him, wanting to apologize, but he smirked. “Not that I’m complaining.”
	I bit my lip. What would I say to him? Another lie? “Damon,” whatever I was going to say at that moment went back in my throat when a woman opened the door. Her hair was unnervingly long and messy. They were as black as night as were her fingernails. Her teeth were jagged and yellow. She was scary.
	“Can I help you?” she seethed, looking at the sky. It was nighttime. I woke her up. That was easy to follow.
	“My lady—“ Damon started but the woman held a hand, her long black fingernails glinting under the light of the moon.
	“Don’t start with the formalities, prince!” I looked down. Of course she’d call Damon a prince. He was prince-like in all fairness. But the way she said it was filled with disgust. “And you, rotten girl, what do you need?” At least I didn’t blush from shame when she said I was rotten. 
	“Perhaps, you have a,” I looked at Damon wanting to kill myself. “a memory potion?” 
	The woman wide- eyed opened her door extensively and snarled, “Come in, kids. You shouldn’t say something like that out in the open.” Her eyes were scolding me. 
	Her house smelled of smoke and jasmine at the same time. How the two mixed? I didn’t know. The entirety of the first floor was so small that I knew my room was even bigger. There were empty bottles everywhere, but there on the shelves at the back, lined bottles with fluid. The potions were visible from here and they were alluring. 
	There was a small rounded table in the center and the woman pulled two chairs for us to sit down. She sat on the opposite. “A memory potion?” I sat down and Damon followed suit. He was eyeing everything in the house. I was wrong about him. He wasn’t a prince. He was a soldier.
	“Yes.” I answered my voice hoarse. 
	The woman laughed her eyes glinting. “For what?” she sliced her eyes on Damon then back to me. “For a memory lost in this life, or for the memories of another life?” 
	I furrowed my brows. I didn’t know what she meant, but of course, I did as much as I denied it. The regent. The sister. Were they from another life?
	“Could you give me both?” I asked, my voice suddenly so pleading. Damon shifted on his seat, his hand on my arm. Suddenly, his touch was distracting. What did he think of me now?
	The woman laughed. “You are a fool.” She spat and grabbed a potion from the shelf, without looking back. “I can give you the memory you’ve lost in this life, but the life you’ve left, oh no! Those memories are gone forever and if not, then it would require a lot of magic.” The life I’ve left?
	Damon gripped my arm so strongly that I cut him a glance, now annoyed. I gasped as a big bird or humanoid stood beside him gawking at us. “What is this?” I exclaimed. Damon’s hand was already on his sword. 
	The birdlike creature with the face of a vicious man stared at us unrelenting. His eyes were yellow and his hair reached his breasts. The breasts of an eagle. Its wings tucked in at his sides. Ugly and horrifying. 
	The woman just rolled her eyes. She threw something, food perhaps, near the door and the bird or human bird quickly left grabbing the meat monstrously. Something told me I wouldn’t want to know what kind of meat that creature ate. 
	“Leave them alone. They are guests.” The woman said then turned to me. “Payment.” She required.
	Damon looked at me. “Alaera, I’m starting to think you’re crazy as hell.” He whispered in my ear and I turned to look at him helplessly. He was wide eyed and I knew the thing shocked him. He had never seen a creature like that, and I knew how he felt. It was terrifying.
	I nervously grabbed the bag of coins my mother left for me. I put it on the table, its contents clanking. “Eh.” The woman grabbed the pouch, eyeing it calculatingly. “This would not do. It’s too cheap.” Cheap? I almost shrieked, but for a potion, of course, she would require more.
	“What else do you need, witch?” I fumbled, aware of the distance that creature and I had.
	The woman laughed again. She seemed to be so joyful, I would want to smack her teeth in her mouth. “Witch, darling, I’m not a witch.” She smiled playfully. “If I was then I’d never be selling potions. I wouldn’t have that ungrateful Garuda here to guard me.” A Garuda. I shivered. I’ve heard stories about it and they weren’t good. Apparently, Damon who stiffened by my side probably heard some too. 
	The Garuda was known to eat hearts of men. Horror struck me. “What do you need?” I asked itching to get out of there. 
	The witch smiled. “A few strands of your hair.” When she said it, instinct kicked in telling me she could use my hair to torture me. Dolls and needles came in my mind and I fought the urge to run.
	“What would you do with my hair?” I asked, not trusting anything good will come with her having my hair. 	
	“I’ll see how much power I could grab from you, even just for a while.” She sighed, then looked at Damon who was still holding his sword. “You too. I want your brown hair too.” Damon grasped my arm tightly.
	“What?” I asked then something happened I did not expect. The house groaned as if it was breathing, living and it was annoyed already.
	“Yes or No!” the woman shrieked. Her eyes beginning to light up. Literally, I could see blue fires inside of them. “I don’t want more talk!” she let out, wind rustling inside the house although there were no windows open. What was this place? What was she? If she was lower than witches in the hierarchy of their world, then I wondered how strong those other creatures were.
	The air turned acrid and choking. I knew this feeling. I’ve felt this before. “Yes.” I said, not really wanting to. I widened my eyes as I realized what I have sealed- my own and Damon’s fate, somehow. I turned to Damon. His eyes were wide too. “I’m sorry. I meant no.” I looked at the woman, fury coating my fear. 
The wind stopped. The woman smiled and handed me the potion with the black liquid like grease.
	Then she plucked a strand of my hair, closed her eyes humming. She hummed and smiled and then opened her eyes, shock in her eyes. There were real flames in them I could feel their heat. “Leave!” she shouted then the door burst open. The Garuda shrieked, its sound piercing my ears.
	Wings grabbed me and Damon and I screamed. A moment we were in the house, then the next we were thrown out into the night. The rocks were trying to get into my skin. Dust was circling me. “Leave! Don’t come back!” the woman was wailing and she was, laughing? Her laugh filled the empty market. “Your hair’s good enough for me.” Too much power in them, witch. I didn’t hear her in my head, did I? 
	I felt my world tumbled down as I realized what she said. Witch. The word echoed inside of me. 
	I closed my eyes, the dust gathering around us. I tried getting up but it was of no use. Then, it stopped. I opened my eyes slowly. The house was gone. The whole market place was silent, like nothing happened just a while ago.
	“Damon!” I yelped afraid he was taken by the woman. If something happened to him, If—
	“I’m here!” he gasped then coughed out. I whirled around to find him trying to stand. “You’re probably crazy.” Then he smiled shaking his head. “But I love crazy. I just don’t know if I’d love too much of it.” 
	I kicked the ground throwing him dust. Then he laughed some more. “It’s a good thing she didn’t get any of your hair.” I dusted my clothes. “Maybe she’d marvel on the perfectness of it.” I spat.
	He chuckled then got up. “Maybe she got horrified on the amount of dirt in your hair that she didn’t want to check mine.”
	I scoffed and gave him a vulgar gesture with my finger. He laughed even more into the night. “Very well, prince. I got what I wanted. Let’s go home.” 
	The weight of the potion in my hand caught my attention, threatening me on what may lie ahead. What would I discover inside my own brain?
	We started to walk towards the horse seeming bored at the side of the street. “You lied to me.” He said then shook his head, realizing I wasn’t some hopeless girl who wanted out. I wasn’t the claustrophobic damsel in distress. He knew I had a reason. Of course, he saw everything, and that wasn’t part of the plan.
	“I’m sorry.” I mumbled. “I just thought that you wouldn’t let me out, and that you’d give me to the guards.” I put the bottle inside the pocket of my trousers.
	The crickets were doing their work, making the place peaceful yet letting you know, it was still dark and that darkness held more to it than trees and dust. 
	“I’m not my brothers, Alaera.” I turned on him. His eyes were sad, almost mournful. “Valik would surely not let you go. He would follow protocols, rules, probably everything asked by my father for him to follow. He’s a rising lord. 
“Kaden, well, you know Kaden. He’ll give you to the guards for the mere fun of it. He does everything for fun- brothels, gambling houses, those kinds. He does everything he knows he still could do because someday, he’ll be a general. He’ll be leading armies. He’ll be protecting Vherdys and he’s more to it. He’s not that stupid, my brother. In fact, he’s a smart one.
“Whereas here I am.” He exhaled like he didn’t want to say it but he continued. “The third son, the youngest. I don’t have responsibility and I know I should be happy about it. I could let you go because I’m not them. But somehow, having no responsibility nagged on me. No one’s expecting something from me. I don’t need to prove myself. I could just leave, travel, or even just breathe and no one would give a damn.”
“I give a damn.” I sputtered like the good tongue I had. Damon looked at me like I just showed him magic. “I mean,” I was at a loss for words. For the first time, I could not say anything, but the look in his eyes told me I should go on. “You didn’t let me go because you don’t have a responsibility. You let me go because you trusted me. Your heart is soft and I think if the world couldn’t see that you’re more than a lord or a general, then, they’ve seen nothing.”
Damon’s mouth quirked up into a smile. We continued walking and he didn’t need to say a thank you. I could feel it when he gave my hand a light squeeze. 
We reached the horse and mounted it. My hands were around him again and I couldn’t help but notice he smelled like mint. I smiled. “You know that woman was right about one thing.” I said and he turned back to look at me, his eyebrow raised. “You are a prince. I don’t doubt that maybe in another life, you were a king.”
He laughed. “I didn’t think that you’re one to believe in reincarnations.” His hands on the reigns were shaking from his laughter.
	“I don’t. That’s one way of telling you that you’re great, ass.” Then we laughed through the night, through the song of the crickets and rustle of leaves.
	Damon and I cheered hot cups of chocolate in the dining hall. The hall was silent and relaxing, so different from when people marched in or talked about gossips during lunch time. It was different from the formality of it all during dinner time.
	Damon didn’t have to explain to the guards at the gate where we were. He was the lord’s son after all. I’ve taken the hint to even hide my weapon, wrapped around my coat. I would’ve proceeded to my quarters having the knowledge that it was past midnight, but I couldn’t sleep and asked Damon to have a drink with me.
	“So, what’s the story behind the memory potion?” He said the word like it was all so new to him. Damon was so mundane. Just as I was before my father was killed in front of me by something un-human.
	I cleared my throat, deliberating whether I should tell him or not. Defeated, I sighed. He was my friend, maybe more a friend than Lauren was to me. Lauren had been keeping her secrets and I knew that, but I never thought she’d keep something from me like my own memories, to the point that she had taken them away herself. “I think something happened to me that day I snuck out.” I looked at Damon, his eyes never leaving me, but there was a smirk on his face. “Fine, I didn’t sneak. I burst out into the gates riding a horse. Anyway, I think that I didn’t fall off a tree. My memory about that afternoon was foggy. Yesterday I was surprised to hear that Kyros and Rose brought me here during nighttime.” Nighttime. I let that hung in my head.
	Damon nodded. “You think you were bewitched?” He asked.
	“Yeah, that.” I said and quickly drank my hot chocolate which turned cold by the time. I felt a sensation through me which told me someone was looking at me, but Damon was looking right above my shoulder.
	“What are you two doing here?” Kyros’s voice filled the air and I flinched when he sat right next to me. “Late night date?” he spat, looking at Damon.
	“Maybe.” Damon answered winking at Kyros.
	“You two should sleep.” Kyros said and I noticed he smelled of trees and the forest. “I heard you were joining us tomorrow to train.” He directed that at me. I raised an eyebrow. Then I remembered what Kaden promised me. 
	I finished my cup and put it on the table. “I didn’t know Kaden is a man of his word.” I mumbled, not daring to look at Kyros. My face would betray everything I’ve gone through, everything that I’ve heard between him and Lauren.
	“Be careful around him.” He warned, still not leaving Damon and me alone.
	I scoffed. I couldn’t help but scoff. “I know. I learned not to trust people easily. Sometimes I doubt trusting myself. What if our memories could lie?” This time I looked at Kyros right in the eye. Gray eyes stared right back at me not daring to pull away. There it was again, those gray eyes.
	“I think we’ve had a wonderful chat, Alaera and brother.” Damon interrupted our stare-off and I wanted to thank him and to bash him at the same time. “We should head to our respective rooms.” He said and stood up. 
	I started to get up when Kyros declared, “I’ll be sending Alaera to her room.” 
	I wanted to protest. I wanted to keep myself away from Kyros but then I remembered he wanted me to retrieve my memories from Lauren. He didn’t want me reliving everything that happened in my life. He said he knew about the regent and the sister. I needed answers. Maybe not tonight but tomorrow.
	Damon looked at me, waiting for me to disagree or to agree. I nodded bidding him goodbye.
	Kyros walked side by side with me towards the stairs, up to the floor of my room. When we’ve reached the door to my room, he bowed slightly. “Have a wonderful dream, Alaera.” He said and the way he was eyeing me gave me a chill. 
	“Would you join me for a ride, tomorrow afternoon, Ky?” Ky. He told me to call him that.
	He seemed bewildered by the thought of me inviting him, but he fixed himself, straightening the sleeves of his shirt. “Sure.” He looked at me calculatingly.
	I nodded and opened the door to my room and I noticed the sudden shift in Kyros’s stance. I cursed myself silently when I remembered the blanket I tied on to the balcony. His gaze slid back to me. Then he smiled. “You’ll always be an adventure away, Alaera.” He said almost longingly, like he knew me. 
	I went inside and closed the door to the handsome face of Kyros. He knew me.
	“You’re barbaric. You kill each other.” I said as I followed him walking through the woods. I hated myself for admiring his back, my enemy’s back, but he was lean and tall. “Why should I trust you?”
	He laughed but he continued walking. His voice was familiar, almost relaxing. “Your spells require blood of something or someone. Now, who’s barbaric?” 
	I hated to admit that he was right. Our spells did require blood, but we didn’t need to kill each other for a position of leadership. We chose our leaders, not have a battle for it.
	“So, who did you kill to be-“ my sentence was cut off when I realized we have arrived in the place of my enemy. 
	This wasn’t what I expected. I expected, well, I didn’t know what but certainly, not this. 
	Kids were running around trying to catch each other. They were playing a game. There was a campfire in the center but it wasn’t burning yet. Tonight, it would. Tents were surrounding the woods placed in the center for the fire. They weren’t small tents either, they were big, fit for a family. They were for families. 
	People were milling around. There was smoke. Someone was cooking something. It was a sight and they were almost too peaceful to look at except that just beyond the tents, I could see people training, fighting each other, but not to the point when blood sheds.
	My attention was caught by a little girl picking flowers near a bunch of bushes. She looked like Freya, my sister. 
	I woke up. Freya. The name of a sister I didn’t know. Freya. She loved to pick flowers. I hastily got out of bed, opening my drawer. I took out the bottle of black liquid. I opened it and didn’t even hesitate as I drank everything up to the last drop. I remembered.























Chapter 9 –
	“Parry.” I heard and tried to hold my sword diagonally to counter his attack, but ended up having my face butted by the end of his wooden sword. I cursed myself aloud which was un-ladylike. Not that I cared. What have I gotten myself into?
	Parry. Lunge. Attack. Dodge. The words that fed me awake since two hours ago. I moved, not too gracefully. Having everyone watching my every move in the training room wasn’t doing well with my nerves. 
	When I drank the potion earlier this morning, I remembered not a sister or a regent. I remembered what happened in the woods, fighting off that faerie. The woman’s snarl, her yellow jagged teeth and her sour breath entered my mind again that I didn’t have time to dodge another blow that sent me staggering back. Slipping on my own two feet, I fell, my butt hitting the ground.
	“Women don’t fight.” My trainer, Sir Trance argued. I grabbed my sword. Anger fueling every inch of nerve in me. With a fast maneuver my father taught me during our offense lessons, I swung my sword towards Sir Trance’s feet, aiming on his ankles, but he jumped. I knew he’d jump. Wrong move, Sir. I quickly used my foot. I kicked him, landing my foot on his lap. 
	He staggered a bit but my force wasn’t enough to push him down, but enough for me to get up. I raised my wooden sword. Nobody could tell me what to do. I swung taking offense as Sir Trance hastily changed his tactics to defense. He ducked as I almost had his neck. Nobody could take away my memories, anymore.
	Sir Trance was bulky. He was strong, but he wasn’t as quick as I was. This time, I knew I was going to hit his chest, when all of a sudden, his sword came up to dodge mine. His brown eyes held mine. “Good.” He said then pushed me back. I wanted to kick him, butt him or even hit him in his shins, but, he stopped me. “But not good enough, although you’re improving. I guess I need to provoke you more, next time. That’s it for today. I guess you had training before this.” It wasn’t a question. It was an observation from him. I furrowed my brows. That was it? I wanted to hit something. I knew my bones were hurting, but I’ve always been up and moving since I was a child. I have been in the woods. I have been raised by a general until he died. That, I knew now. I wanted to move. I wanted to hit—
	I felt the familiarity of someone’s presence and I looked towards the door to find Kyros looking at me. Looking at the way he was poised, I guessed he was there for quite a long time already. 
	Someone clapped me in the back and I turned to green eyes. “Damon.” I smiled at my friend, glad that I could erase Ky’s presence. Later, Ky, later. 
	“You sure do learn fast.” He admired my work, but I knew by the many red marks and bruises on my arm that I didn’t do good, not as well as anyone in the training room did. My right cheek was aching due to the sword butt kissing it earlier. 
I was one of the few girls learning to wield a sword and I felt a surge of pride, but it quickly died down. I remembered I almost sold myself, and if the world was a better place, I would’ve never thought of it.
	I took the towel Damon handed and wiped my sweat. “Thanks.” I muttered and he just shrugged going back to his own training with his brother, Kaden.
	Kaden looked at me for a while and managed a wink. I rolled my eyes. I’d teach him a lesson soon. I just had to be better. I haven’t seen Rose anywhere since yesterday lunch. She wasn’t in the dining hall during dinner and I failed to look for her. Somehow, the girl’s presence was reassuring. Maybe, she also knew about me. Heat coursed through me sparking my anger. The adrenaline of the fight was washing off. Everybody was lying. I couldn’t trust anyone.
	I stood up and walked towards the open doors where Kyros was leaning. My heart pounded in my chest and at that moment, I knew why his gray eyes bothered me. It was the color of the wolf’s eyes—the wolf that saved me. Something in me stirred, like I should remember more but I couldn’t.
	I walked past him, brushing his shoulders and I felt him tense up. He grabbed my wrist and stopped me. “Later.” He said. “Still up for the ride?” his smile was infuriating enough that I nearly raised my hand to punch him. What does he know about me?
	My fake smile faltered a bit. I was afraid of him. I was afraid of being alone with him. I should say no. I should’ve said no, but I nodded, playing along this game I made. “Yes.” I took my hand off from his grip. “And I want more than just a ride, Ky. I want answers.” I spit out, but instead of widening his eyes in shock, he sighed. He knew I would find answers.
	“Later.” He repeated and I was too confused by his reaction that I had to walk away. 
	I changed my clothes in my quarter, not daring to talk to Lauren who was picking my shoes yet again. She wasn’t there with me this morning. Shifts changed, I supposed.
	Her hands were fast and she knew her work like she’d been doing this for a longer time than I knew she had. Her black hair was raised up into a bun that I could see her face. There was no sign of any hidden secrets there. I wondered how she could conjure up lies easily. She was there. She saved me too, but she took away my memories as soon as I fell asleep. 
	“Any headaches?” she asked as she always did. Back when I lived in the woods, she’d always ask the same thing. The headaches that I have felt before was long gone and I still didn’t know the reason for those and the reason now that it was gone. Usually, I’d have a headache thrice a week, letting out something I couldn’t quite understand, sending plants and the things I touch into destruction.
	Even then, I knew I was different, but never have I thought about being a witch. I just didn’t know I was too different. I didn’t need any more secrets. I wanted the truth and I was going to get one. 
	“Give me the boots.” Lauren flinched as if ordering her was something she thought wouldn’t come out of my mouth. “Sorry.” I quickly mumbled an apology.
	“It’s fine.” She handed me the brown boots, paired with my dirty white dress blended with brown sleeves and a belt. “It’s my job, anyway.” I’ve never asked who Lauren was before I became a lord’s adoptive daughter. She didn’t have a job, so why did she need one now?
	I only nodded. I wouldn’t say a word to her that would spark up an alarm. 
	Lunch time came and went with me chatting with Valik and Damon. Rose was nowhere in sight, still. Kaden and Kyros were talking about something. I could feel Ky’s eyes on me sometimes, but I shrugged them off. I even had the time to go on a verbal fight with Nora that sent her away with shaking hands. Surprisingly, Valik thanked me for that.
	After lunch, I knew answers were near. Kyros and I walked side by side towards the gates and not the stables. Apparently, he had the horses ready. Freedom was nowhere in sight. I remembered what happened and cursed myself. I harmed my horse. Yes, it was my horse. I claimed it.
	I stroked the black mare Kyros ordered for me and for a while, I relaxed. I always loved animals, even when I had to hunt for them during our days in the woods. It always hurt—shooting a deer or a rabbit with my weak arrows.  
	Kyros helped me to my horse. After that, he sat on his stallion. Stallion. As if women couldn’t handle stallions. I scoffed and Ky took a look at me. He sensed my rising temper and ordered the guards to open the gates.
	“Where to?” he asked. He knew I asked for his company, not because I wanted a friend. He wasn’t a friend. He was an answer. Maybe, he was even an enemy. “To the place where I almost died.” I looked at him daring him to argue but he only nodded.
	“To the Fae Forest, then.” He clutched his reigns, his knuckles almost white. 
	Then we ventured off. You’ll always be an adventure away, Alaera. I remembered him say.
	I halted my horse before we cross the clearing that would send me to the Fae Forest. “You took me from there.” I said, Kyros’s eyes were on the ground, like he was thinking what to say. “What happened?” I knew what happened but I had to make sure the potion was right and not some new lies to concoct me with.
	“You were attacked, but judging by the way you look at me, I know you know that already.” He looked at me, and this time, I looked away. I couldn’t afford to trust him after what they have done. He continued, “The moment you bolted off with Rose, I knew something bad would happen. The scouts told us the woods weren’t safe for the moment, because a few creatures were spotted entering from the border. They were looking for something, then I realized, what could they be looking for? It was you.” He looked at me, anger in his eyes. 
	“What do they want with me?” I asked him, braving myself, for a little while longer or I would probably fall off this horse knowing my enemies lie on the woods just across from where we held ground.
	Kyros shook his head. “You are not human, after all, Alaera. It would be fitting for them to hunt for their own kind and bring them back to where they truly belong. But then I thought witches aren’t like that. They care for their own but they would let them go wherever they please, to the point of not caring whether a witch knew she was one or not.” He looked at me. Witch. That was what I was? A witch!? I almost shrieked in terror. Witches were known to be conniving, evil people. Witches were one of the feared ones. “So, why would they hunt you? I looked for you and Rose. I reached Rose on the way to you. She told me she saw you leave and she was getting on your trail. I wasn’t fast enough to stop you from entering the Fae Forest, but I, thankfully was fast enough to haul that creature off you.” The wolf and then it clicked into place.
	“You were the wolf?” I pulled the reigns of my horse, backing him. Horror was evident in my face, I knew that because Kyros looked perplexed whether to stop me from running away or to continue, but he chose well and continued.
	“Yes, Alaera. I am the wolf and you know that. At least, you knew that.” He expelled air as he decided what to say. That sister. He knew that sister. “You know me. You knew me in another life.” Another what? Then he laughed bitterly like he could grasp that other life through his laughs. “You also knew who’s after you. After all, you loved him. You loved him too much you brought us all in this mess.” And for the first time, I saw hate in Kyros’s eyes, like he was painfully hiding it with every single smile. What did I do to deserve the hate in his eyes? Suddenly, I was cursing myself yet again for inviting him for a ride. His look told me I was his enemy, but he would’ve killed me if he wanted that night. He didn’t.
	With a shaking breath, I let out the question that hunted me. “Who wanted me dead?” I asked. 
	“His name was Cole Brock and he bears that name in this life too. We bear the same names. I wonder how that could be. You did a strong spell.” Cole. The name brought tremors in me, but me? A spell? “You two brought us all here.”
	It was too much. His name. The spell. It was too much that I gripped the reigns aiming to get out of that place. Instead I raised towards the clearing, towards the Fae Forest. I didn’t know why but I felt a pull towards it. I could tell by the sound of hooves that Ky was following me. I didn’t care. Let him follow. He knew the woods better than I.
	I stopped when I reached the forest. I heard Ky’s horse at my back. “This is where I belong, I take it.” I exhaled feeling the forest and suddenly afraid of my own hands, of what they could do. I was a witch. That could explain everything. I did that. I killed the person who killed my father, and then I almost killed Kaden. I have always destroyed everything I touched when I got those headaches. I wondered what changed that they stopped bugging me.
	“Alaera, slow down.” He warned but I just jeered. 
	“Slow down? I killed a man when I was just a little girl, Ky! Now, I know that! And I don’t regret anything at all! And now, you’re telling me that I was reincarnated or whatever. Who are you to me? Who is Freya? Who is the regent?” My questions hung in the air. I could tell from the look on his face that he didn’t want to give me the answers here. 
	I looked around. There was no one. There were no birds. There was no sound. Something was eerily wrong. I flinched as I felt Kyros’s heat as he settled his horse beside me. “Quiet.” He whispered. “It’s too quiet.”
	His brows furrowed as if he could hear something I couldn’t. Of course! I almost wanted to laugh. He was a wolf. Then, he looked at me. “Stay here.” He ordered, but he shook his head knowing I wouldn’t follow. 
	Then he raced into the forest. Shock registered in me as I saw him shift. Gone was the lean man with the easy smile and haunting gray eyes. He was a wolf covered with white and gray fur. For a moment I couldn’t move. He was just as I remembered him—big and scary. His look was feral, almost animalistic, but he was. 
	He ran into the forest and I just had the time to grab my reigns and push my horse further, following Kyros. I’m not dreaming. I assured myself as I pinched my arm.
	The wolf—Kryos, looked like he was following what he could hear, and could smell. We stayed like that for a while—me hovering behind following the wolf, and the wolf tracking something or someone. 
	Kyros stopped abruptly. Sending me to hold my horse back with a jerk. I wanted to hit the big wolf with a stone. Go back, Alaera. His words were a definite order this time. It was like he could cut me into pieces if I didn’t follow, or, someone else could cut me into pieces for that matter. It took me a moment to realize that he have spoken into my mind. Shock left me. I couldn’t be surprised anymore. I scolded myself. I was a witch—powerful and dangerous.
	I shook my head and I could sense the anger roiling off of him. Go back. He even managed a growl. I stood my ground, wanting to roll my eyes. 
	“You can’t boss me around, wolf.” I spat and he growled once more before continuing. This time, he was careful. Therefore, we were near wherever he sensed something. 
	A few meters away, I saw something white, like a fabric, but there was something wrong. I covered my mouth and stifled a gasp when I saw what lay on the grass. 
	I pushed my horse and got down immediately, even to the point of stumbling. 
	A blonde girl was on the ground, dead around a pool of blood—her blood. Chills ran all over me. The blonde girl was staring at the sky, her blue eyes matched it. I wanted to hurl, but I kept myself in check. The sight of a dead person would never be old for me. 
	Kyros came by my side sniffing. As if learning something new, he growled. You’re not safe here, Alaera. His voice entered my mind again. I didn’t care. If I had to grab this girl and bring her to where she belonged with her family. God, I didn’t even know who she was, who her family was, but it seemed like a cruel thing to do—to leave her here, rotting, and waiting for a bunch of other creatures to devour her.
	I wanted to heave, to cry and to kill someone. The weapon used to kill her was nowhere in sight, but I guessed a dagger was it. The blood came from her abdomen. I felt my hands clenched into a fist. Whoever did this would be a monster.
	“Leave, wolf.” A deep voice that sent the hairs on my arms to raise filled the forest. “If you don’t want to be killed too. Let me end her like I did the other witches.” 
	I turned around to find a young man crouching on a tree, dagger ready. A sword was sheathed on his side. His hair was blonde but they looked almost white. His face was soft and I wondered how a man like him, who looked just like a few years older than me, could kill a girl? His black eyes widened at the sight of me.
	Alaera, leave. I couldn’t. I realized I was transfixed. I knew him. I knew him. I knew him. Alaera. Kyros whispered inside my brain.
	“Alaera.” The man whispered my name, like he couldn’t believe I was in front of him. “Alaera.” He said again, but Kyros was already lunging for him. 
	I will kill you. I jolted at the threat Kyros slipped, not to me, but to the man getting up, having his daggers ready to aim at Kyros. 
	He was a perfect aim, I knew that. Kyros was blind to his anger on this man that he couldn’t see the trap. The man could easily let his dagger fly towards Kyros’s heart. “No.” I didn’t realize I have spoken aloud. 
	Kyros dodged two daggers swiftly—so fast even I didn’t see him move. He was aiming for the tree now. I expelled an amount of air I didn’t know I was holding. I underestimated Ky. He knew what he was doing, but that didn’t stop me from worrying.
Then the man looked at me, knowing he couldn’t fight a wolf. “I’ll come back for you, Alaera.” He promised then vanished. He just vanished like that like he wasn’t even there to begin with. There were no trails. 
I felt my heart beating right out of my chest, like it couldn’t handle anything anymore. I backed up against a tree holding my chest. This was unreal, unnatural. I felt like my nerves were singing. They were awake for something—I didn’t know. I felt a pull, a pull towards the man I saw. 
I heard a growl and saw Kyros still in his wolf form, anger in his eyes. I will kill him. His thoughts entered my mind. 
“You can’t if he vanishes every single encounter that fast.” I answered back. The wolf pinned me with his eyes. “I mean, your thoughts are all over the place.” 
I forgot you could do that. He said in my mind, then he went to his horse, grabbing a bag. I heard a snap and he was racing towards a tree. I turned my back. He was shifting back into his human form.
“Do what?” I asked but my mind was on the man. He said he’d come for me. I shivered. 
I felt hands on my shoulders and I whirled around to find gray eyes meet mine. There was fear in them. That was fast. “He almost killed you.” He breathed. “But he didn’t.” It was like he was reassuring himself, not me, that I was alive and breathing. Then, he handed me a piece of paper. 
I noted the change of clothes. Apparently, wolves couldn’t change back to their human forms wearing the same clothes. What entered my mind after that was something I wouldn’t want to share with anyone.
“Could you read minds?” I asked grabbing the paper from him. 
“No.” he answered almost immediately. He was standing too closely, like he forgot he was supposed to be out of my personal space. “Why would you ask?”
“Just reassuring.” I answered back and opened the paper, keeping my heart beats in check. 
“Afraid I might see through your dirty mind?” I lifted my eyes from the paper to look at Kyros. My face was probably red by now. He smirked. Oh God. He was distracting himself from what happened. He was also keeping his nerves in check.
“You wouldn’t hear the end of it.” I played along, then read what was on the paper.
Alaera,
	I hope you reach hell in a good condition, love. I’ll meet you there, but not soon enough.
Cole
	“What the hell is this?” I gasped, my fingers shaking. Cole. Cole wanted me dead and this was proof of that, and to think that for a moment, I thought we had something.
	I looked at Kyros for help, for answers I have forgotten. I still couldn’t believe what he told me but somehow, I’ve got to start. “I found that, the night you were attacked. It was in the creature’s pocket. In case you didn’t die, he had to leave a message.” Then Kyros was the one shaking in anger. “Cole, your lover? He was the man earlier.” 



Chapter 10—
	Apparently, whoever Cole was, he did have good timing. He showed up the moment I learned about him, but did I really learn something about him? All that I got from Kyros was that Cole and I brought all of us here. I still didn’t know the meaning of that.
	In my periphery, I saw red and white again. I realized the dead body we have found was still laying on the grass. Cole—his face still burned in the back of my mind, had mentioned the girl was a witch. He said he killed her just as he’d do to me, because I was a witch.
	“You seem to know the woods well.” It wasn’t a question. That was why Kyros always smelled of forest, because he was always here, guarding the human territory or the other way around from each other. “Where do the witches reside?” I asked, almost stumbling on the words. I will bring her body to the witches. As much as it frightened me, I knew I couldn’t leave her body like this.
	Kyros looked torn. Then, he looked at me, his head down for he was taller than me. “Are you sure about this?” I nodded. He was giving me the choice. It was nearly nighttime and we had to move fast. “Follow me.”
	Kyros carried the body like she weighed nothing. Somehow, he managed to bring the dead girl on the horse as he led the way, without much of my help. 
	The woods was singing on itself, like it wanted to let everyone knew it was alive unlike any other forests. Sometimes, I’d smell smoke and Ky would tell me not to linger too much in one place. There were creatures everywhere, creatures even I couldn’t see yet. 
	The sun was setting when we’ve arrived in our destination. It was a clearing inside the forest. There are lots of huts huddled in the clearing. Smoke was rising out of the burning woods, just like the image in my dream, except the people in my dream had tents, not huts. 
	Kyros was reluctant on coming but I nudged him along. Witches. Every bit of my being was warning me to run or to stray clear of the area, but I could feel it. Every nerve in my body was tingling with the knowledge that my blood was theirs and the magic smelled too sweet to ignore. 
	A man walking towards a hut stopped and sensed something was off—that was us probably. His eyes slid to meet mine and I backed my horse up. I was brave but now, as more of them noticed us, my heart was pounding so loudly. I knew Ky’s sensitive ears could hear.
 	The man I first saw came walking to us and I mumbled something unintelligent as I instructed my horse forward. “I-We—“ but I couldn’t talk. I was overwhelmed by their presence that I stopped talking. I instantly wondered whether my mother knew she was a witch. It couldn’t be my father. He was normal—too normal.
	“Witches of the Brienne Coven,” Kyros addressed and I couldn’t stop myself from looking at him. He didn’t tell me any of this. I could’ve just blurted out some things that would sound like insults. He could’ve warned me. I calmed myself and focused at the task at hand. “My companion and I were scouring through the woods when we’ve found a young witch murdered.” Gasps filled the air and I wondered when the girl’s family would step up.
	Carefully, I landed on the ground helping Kyros with the dead girl. I didn’t mind the dead body just as Ky didn’t. I was confused by my reaction and figured out that I didn’t know myself at all, but these people could know me. They could give me my memories from the life Kyros was talking about.
	There was a cry that caught my attention and a blonde woman came to us. She grabbed the body and we let her. There was a pinch in my heart that made me remember my own mother. What would she think of me? 
	Another man started walking towards us and I realized with a jolt that he was dragging two more blonde children with him. He stopped a good four feet from us. He didn’t want to let his children see this. As if the red-headed woman from the back knew, she grabbed the children and hugged them. 
	The man came to us, his gaze thankful but sadness crept in his eyes more. Regret there too, I backed up. This was too much. The cries. The look on their faces. 
	I felt the familiar gaze of Kyros and turned to look at him. His face was stoic but I saw something faltered when his eyes landed on the family again. 
	A woman stepped up and by the looks of it—the way everyone looked at her, I knew she was their leader. She nodded at Kyros but her eyes were sharp and untrusting. When she landed her stare at me, I felt unease crept all over me. Her eyes sharpened at the gesture I made.
	“You’re a witch.” She announced, her voice hard and strong, even loud. 
	Kyros took a step forward. “Yes, she is and she didn’t know until this morning.” Ky spoke for me and I felt shame heat my face up. “She was living with the humans—.” 
	“You think I don’t know that?” the witch snapped. I felt all of their eyes on me. “We’ve been watching you, Alaera.” I was afraid, even more afraid of my own kind than Ky.
	It was a wrong move, coming here. Kyros knew that as I felt his hand grip my arm. They were hot and strong. “Who did this?” The change in the mood took me off guard.
	“A man named Cole. Cole Brock.” I expelled a good amount of air.
	“He was with you.” The woman said, daring me to argue with her eyes flecked with red. I shivered. “When you first came in this world.” I furrowed my brows. I didn’t understand.
	Kyros held up a hand. “We appeared on—“ he was cut short by the woman.
	“You appeared on an eclipse night. Six babies in a ceremonial circle. No hint of any mother or father.” Her eyes were razor sharp as she looked at me. “You are trouble, young child and I wish for you to leave.” Her words shouldn’t leave an effect on me, but it did. I fumbled and took a few steps back.
	“Of course.” I said. I looked at the family again and found their eyes filled with hate looking right through me, because I have brought this upon them, as what Kyros had said. I brought Cole here.
	I did not waste time. I grabbed my horse. I didn’t care when Ky reached for my waist and helped me ride. I didn’t look back towards the strongest creatures I have met. They didn’t want me. They couldn’t help me at all, because they thought I did this, as well as Ky and four more.
	It haunted me. Appeared. She said. Did I even really have a parent? 
	Anger coursed through my body and I realized I was humming with energy I couldn’t control. Then it happened.
	The reigns were burning. My hands were burning. I shrieked and let go of the reigns. My horse galloped suddenly and I was so glad I still had my balance. I stopped screaming when I comprehended I wasn’t hurt at all. I wasn’t hurt. My hands were on fire and I wasn’t hurt.
	Ky was immediately at my side. “It’s normal.” He said, putting off the fire with something in his hand. “Calm down.” He said and it felt familiar—him calming me down.
	“What was I? Who was I in this other life?” I asked him, my eyes never leaving the now blackened reigns. 
	It took him a while to answer and I wondered whether he was going to tell me anything useful at all. “You were Alaera Cohen. You were a witch of your kind. You had a sister. Her name was Freya. Your,” he paused. “Your parents died when you were a child. You were powerful, powerful enough to have been one of the chosen of your kind to be the next regent.” 
	I sucked in a breath. Maybe I needed my memories altogether and not some jagged pieces from a person who knew me. “And you?” I asked, not daring to breathe in.
	“I was the alpha of my pack.” I recoiled from the grief in his tone. No wonder he looked at me with so much hatred. I took his life away from him.
	We came back during dinner and got a not so good scolding from Valik who was so worried about our disappearance. Seemingly, Kyros didn’t tell anyone about our ride into the woods. 
	Surprisingly, my mother chose to eat with us. The table was unusually quiet and I, too couldn’t speak because of everything that I have learned, even with my mother around.
	“So, how are all your trainings?” my mother asked to no one in particular and I wasn’t in the mood to talk. 
	Valik answered for all of us, no shock there. “Everybody’s doing fine. Alaera just started and she started out good.” If by good he meant being thrown face first or butt first on the training grounds, then yes.
	“Noraelle, right? How about you?” I wanted to curl up on the inside when my mother spoke to the only bitch in the room.
	Nora smiled all malice in her eyes. As if knowing this, Valik nudged Kaden under the table, hitting Damon in the process who also accidentally nudged me. We looked at each other for a second.
	“Nora isn’t training.” Kaden answered for her. 
	“Oh.” My mother said and continued eating. I looked at her fully and saw what the week had done to her face. My mother was beautiful but the lines on her face and the wrinkles were obvious. The bags under her eyes were evident. 
	After dinner, I caught up to my mother. “Mom, what’s happening to you?” I asked, my tone unrelenting.
	“What do you mean?” she smiled at me, but I knew her too well.
	“Mother,” I stopped her from taking one more step towards her room. “Seriously, what’s wrong?” 
	“Nothing.” She said sternly, her voice cutting me off. She was cutting me off entirely. “No more of this talk. I have much more pressing matters to attend to.” The only person who could understand me was cutting me off. I took one step back, letting her think about what she did. But she didn’t. She walked away from me, just like that, not even bothering to ask me about my day, my week, my life. My life—turned upside down.
	I entered the library and banged the doors knowing no one would be around but me. I stilled for a moment. I was wrong. 
	I curtseyed. “My lord.” I forced out the words, but my whole being inside was shaking with fear or anger, I didn’t know. 
	He nodded at me and smiled, his eyes turning back towards the parchment in his fingers. Books were all over the table he was occupying. I didn’t know whether to turn back or just feign indifference. I decided I should do the latter. 
	I walked just past the lord my mother decided to marry and I felt him tense up. I noticed that slight shift and wondered if it was from the million secrets he was probably carrying. 
	I spent the time in the library in the next table, my eyes on the book. That was the thing about me that I liked. I could have everybody in this room and no one could still disturb me from reading the book in my hands.
	I thought hours passed when Lord Zaire cleared his throat. I looked at him and he was looking at me, his eyes on the book I was holding. It was a story about dragons and castles, heroes and heroines. 
	“Have you talked to your mother?” he asked, clearly concerned. Probably, he’d be concerned with the faeries, witches, monsters, beasts, and wolves he kept under these floors. 
	“Yes.” 
	“And have she told you about anything in particular about…” he let his words trail off.
	“No, she just asked us how we were.” I emphasized the “us” and “we” in that sentence. She did not even address me.
	The lord nodded and picked up a book. He bid me goodbye and a good night’s rest, but as soon as he was off, I ran to his table almost knocking off my chair in the process.
	I furrowed my brows. The books on the table were all about poisons and hot to create them and even how to cure them. Whatever the lord was planning with the creatures underneath, it wasn’t good. Surely, poisoning someone would be a clean but painful death. I curled my hands into fists and scanned the books.
	A maid came in and I stopped. “I was just looking for a good book. I thought the lord was reading some.” I gestured on the table. “Apparently, he wasn’t.” I laughed and the maid looked straight at me stoic faced. 
	I moved out of her way as she cleaned the table and put the books in their proper places in the shelves. 
	I took my book and went straight to my room, my heart beating out of my chest. 
	Finally, I reached my room without another encounter with anyone else, but as I entered and saw a black haired girl sitting on my large bed, I knew the night wasn’t over.
	“What do you want, dear friend?” Lauren looked at me. Annoyingly, she didn’t even look guilty. She just looked irked at me. I should be the one to feel that way about her.
	“You are an idiot.” She spat and held up a hand. I had the moment to look shocked at her sudden outburst, but I remembered everything and her spelling my memories away.
	“We all know someone between us is, and that’s not me.” She stood up and although she was taller, we both knew I was meaner and I got my way with everything, even with words. “You lied to me!”
	“Yes, so what?” I did not have words for that. “I lied to you to protect you! You don’t know how many years those witches wanted to get their hands on you!”
	“Oh, maybe they already have! I may not know everything, but I know that from around here, there’s only one coven, and you’re from there, am I wrong?” I assumed she met with the witches I’ve graced my time with.
	She was silent for a moment and we stared each other off. Finally, she sighed. “I am from that coven, yes. I am here to protect you. They wanted to know where you came from the moment you just showed up in that forest. Nobody knew what to do with you, with the wolves, and with the two other humans.” Humans? “You’re the only witch among them and as much as we protect our own, witches don’t tend to like meddling with something they don’t understand, so what did they do? They took you to the human village—to be looked after at. Someone took you. He cared for you until he died and that’s when I was assigned to you. I was only ten that time, same age as you.” 
	I wanted to shout at her. I wanted to punch something, to tear my blankets to pieces, because as far as I knew, General Chandler was my father and she just spitted the truth out on my face like it was nothing. “You could be blunt when you want to be.” I whispered, having no energy to scream. 
	“I’m sorry.” She said seeming to realize what she just said. The words from her mouth were even more painful because by then, the truth was confirmed and I couldn’t change it. 
	I sat down on the bed feeling like I was beaten up, but I couldn’t cry. “So, my father wasn’t really my father. My mother is who knows who and you,” I scoffed. “You aren’t really my friend.” 
	“No, Alaera. I—“
	“No, this time you listen to me. I’ve got a life I don’t remember. Maybe, this life is better or that life was. All I know right now is that I need to know who I am. I need my memories back. You aren’t my friend. You were assigned to me because the witches are afraid of what they don’t know, so you will help me to find out the truth, so that there’s nothing to be afraid of.” So that I wouldn’t be afraid. I looked her in the eye. “Do you understand what I’m asking for?” 
	She nodded.










Chapter 11—
	I tried not to move too awkwardly with the tight corset. Annoyingly, this day just started bad already. My maids, without Lauren with them, had dragged me from my bed just to get up early. They told me to wash and dry myself up. I obliged even when I did not feel like getting up. Then they dressed me with an overflowing dress. The high collared black lace that reached up from my neck to my shoulders, all the way down to cover my arms.Thankfully, the cool breeze from the outside didn’t cause me to sweat. Rainy season was here.
	My yellow skirts reached the ground and swished with every single movement. Nobody told me what was up and perhaps, I was too sleepy to even ask earlier. I just nodded to Caoihme when she told me to go to the entrance doors. 
	I was still sleepy, but my curiosity won when I’ve spotted Damon among the people gathered in the entrance.
	“My lord,” I curtseyed mockingly and he laughed. “What is it with today?” I asked gesturing to the people who were finally getting out of the keep and to wherever we should be at too.
	“My lady,” he bowed and this time, I rolled my eyes. It was only amusing when I was doing it. “We shall go to the arena. It’s nothing but the combat. It happens every month.”
	I raised my eyebrow. So far, I haven’t seen any arena in the keep, nor have I heard about the combat and how it happened every month. 
	Damon gestured for me to follow and I trailed quietly. Looking around me, people were also dressed not too casually, but elegantly this day. 
	We arrived at two big doors wide open lying on the ground. It was leading to a set of stairs downwards. “The arena is underground?” I asked.
	He shrugged. “Well, maybe that’s why the people outside don’t know about it.” 
	We descended the stairs and for a while I felt like I was going through my doom. That maybe, somehow, Kyros betrayed me and sold the information that I was a witch to the Lord. Maybe, Damon would lead me to a trap.
	When the light came up and I heard the cheers, I felt relief all over my body. I smiled at Damon and we walked out into a big stadium. There were stone chairs that lined up at both sides and we could choose whether to climb left or right. We chose right.
	“Damon, how long has this been going on?” I shouted through the frenzy of people talking and shouting, placing bets. I cringed at the sound of coins rattling ready to be passed on to another pair of hands. People here were wasting their money betting while people like me in the outer sectors scramble for every coin.
	“Oh, this?” he seemed thoughtful. “Well, as long as I could remember.” I shrugged the irritating feeling and just reminded myself that perchance, somehow they didn’t know our lives out there.
	We climbed another set of stone staircases, as we’ve passed by the chairs full of sitting women in gowns and men in their best trousers. 
	“Finally!” I immediately recognized Rose’s voice. “Took you so long. This is my favorite day of the month.” She grabbed me when I’ve reached the platform to a seat with surprisingly comfortable cushions placed on the stone slab. Even with the ambiance, royals and the people in the upper hierarchy would always show other people they were more than anything they were. “It’ll start just in a few moments.” She jumped on her seat.
	Damon sat on my left side just as Kyros strode in. His easy grin was on his face again. I wondered how he could pretend to be all gentle and warm, when he was all so crazy strong inside.
	He spared me a glance and the smile wore off his face. His mouth quirked up a bit—a kind of smile that was just for me.
	“It’s starting.” Rose whispered to me. 
	I heard a scoff at my back and found out Nora was seated there with Valik whose face was irritated. “It’s too hot in here.” She said, taking off her shawl. Her boobs were poking out of her dress but Valik’s eyes never left the center stage where a woman dressed in all black was pacing.
	“Welcome.” The arena hushed quickly. The woman in the center stopped striding and addressed us all in a welcoming tone. Blades and daggers lined her belt. “Today is yet another day of extreme battles—to death or whenever someone yields. You all know the rules.” She laughed. To death? “We are joined here today with our most fearsome soldiers to battle each other. Our first challenger is Troye Skintertrov!” 
	A man the size of a door just entered. He was bulky and his body was literally all muscles. My arms were not even half his arms. His tan skin gleamed under the lights and I could see the dark tattoos lining up his chest. I wouldn’t want to fight him.
	There was a chorus of shouts from the crowd and I could hear the clink of coins. I shivered. Wasteful bastards. “Of course, he’d have an opponent. Our second challenger, Cole Brock.” The moment I heard the name, I stiffened. 
	My heart pounded so fast it was like I was sprinting. My hands were suddenly restless and I felt someone’s eyes on me. I looked back to see Ky’s gray ones examining me. His smile was gone and he looked confused, wrecked even.
	Calm down. He said into my mind but it was like he was trying to calm himself down instead. I felt Rose’s grip on me tightened with that.	
	“Why is he here?” she whispered to me. I kept forgetting that she also knew about all these, that she was one of the people I have brought in here. Did she lose someone too because of me? 
	My eyes turned back to the man that just walked in. I almost wanted to laugh if the situation wasn’t at all nerve wrecking. Cole’s smile was unnerving simply because his eyes were too soft. He didn’t even realize he just walked into his deathbed. Something about that felt strongly wrong.
	This time, there were no cheers but boos only from the crowd. They wanted action, not an execution of a boy. There were no bets placed. Troye had already won.
	Rose stood up and locked eyes with me. “I’ll be back. I just—I can’t watch this.” She ran. 
	“Well, that was weak, even for Rose.” Nora called from behind me.
	I turned around and looked her in the eye. “The only weak girl around here is someone who needs her boobs out just so she could have attention.” Then I widened my eyes in mock shock. “Oh no! Gee, she didn’t get the attention she wanted. Poor bosoms.” 
	“You—“ she was about to slap me when three hands stopped her. Well, I could thank Valik, Damon and Kyros who was now beside me all so suddenly.
	“Stop fighting ladies. There’s the real fight.” Valik scolded.
	I turned back towards the arena where the woman’s instructions have gone passed by my ears. Feeling smug, I smiled. Kyros sat beside me his eyebrows meeting in concentration. “Why is he here?” I repeated Rose’s question. My triumph replaced by worry.
	“I don’t know.” 
	“Well, he said he’ll be back for me.” Ky’s hands curled into fists. “Is he coming for me?”
	“No.” he answered.
	“Is that a ‘no, he’s not coming for you’ or is that—“ before I could even finish my sentence, Ky intercepted.
	“No, he’s not going to lay a hand on you. I’d die first.” I felt my cheeks heat up and rolled my eyes, covering the shattered wall. Of course, he’d protect me, but for what? He hasn’t told me what he wanted from me, but I could guess.
	“Let the battle begin.” The woman’s words echoed in every corner taking my attention away from Kyros’s angry face.
	Troye’s hands were clenched and he was muttering words that couldn’t be overheard from up here because of the shouts. I heard Damon shouted beside me that the game wasn’t fair. None of this is fair in the first place. I wanted to tell him. 
	Cole unsheathed his sword. From my perspective, I could only wish him good luck or no—depending on whether he was my enemy or not. But he is. He wants you dead.
	Troye laughed and drew his own sword. He could beat Cole up with his bare hands if he dared.
	Then it happened so fast. Troye lunged as Cole swung his sword up, an easy maneuver for blocking. He was smart because he did not let the face off of the blades last long. He pushed Troye’s blade away. Any more second and Troye’s force could’ve pushed Cole instead. 
	Then Troye slashed again. Cole jumped back to avoid the sharp blade. Cursing, Troye held up his sword slashing on the offense. Cole easily dodged each swing of Troye’s sword. A duck of his head and a jump here and there saved his life countless times. 
	My heart was hammering in my chest. Now Cole was the offense laying it all out on Troye. Troye handled all the blow with ease. Then Cole missed a strike and Troye managed to create a slash on Cole’s cheek. Red blood emerged from Cole’s skin. His eyes were wide in shock.
	The crowd cheered. “Leave the swords be!” I heard someone shout and as if Troye heard this, he hit again and Cole tried to defend, but was too late when a blow on his chest with Troye’s sword’s hilt knocked him back. Then Troye did a move my father taught me so well. He made Cole’s sword fly to the side. Then, Troye threw his sword too. The clank of two swords meeting were not refreshing on the ears.
	Troye kicked Cole on his chest sending him splattering on the ground. Cole’s pale hair was now streaked with red blood. “Is he going to kill him?” I asked no one in particular.
	“Not if he yields.” Damon answered.
	Troye laughed and towered over Cole landing a punch on his face. The crunch of bones was too loud to handle. “They couldn’t just let a boy die.” I argued, not even knowing why I was caring for a man who wanted me dead.
	“He volunteered himself. Stupid boy.” Damon grunted angrily. He didn’t like this as much as I did too.
	Another punch sent Cole’s face against the sands.
	Troye picked up Cole like me picking up a pillow. Then he threw him against the stone wall. A collective gasp from the audience was reaction enough for me.
	“He could just die.” I heard Ky muttered under his breath. 
	I couldn’t believe myself, but I wanted to punch Kyros for wanting this poor guy dead. He did threaten to kill you, then take you. Ky’s voice entered my head as if they were answers enough to defend his thoughts.
	“This game is fun.” Troye called out and cheers came on. People liked violence so much they’d overlook this.
	Cole started to move and Troye just laughed as Cole crawled towards something. The swords. I thought. “Is this a battle at all?” Troye laughed again and the people were silent knowing what Cole was doing. They wanted a fight. They wanted Cole to fight.
	Then Troye was not a dumb man at all because he sensed this. He turned back to see Cole reaching for the swords. “Stupid, foolish boy.” He said loud enough for Cole to hear.
	Cole had just the time to look back when Troye came running for him. My breath was in shallow gasps and I had to close my eyes when I heard the sound of blades meeting flesh.
	The crowd was silent. I opened my eyes to see Cole lying on the ground, his knuckles white from gripping the swords too hard. Blood was dripping on his white shirt. Troye’s blood from where the two swords entered his abdomen. 
	There was a hush then the screams followed. People were shouting curses, seeming to lose their bets. 
	“How could that happen?” Damon questioned. “Not that I’m not happy he’s alive, but he couldn’t have been too fast to grab on to those swords and struck Troye.” My hands were shaking from the death that was sprawled in front of me.
	I felt Kyros stood up and I had to grab on to his arm to bring him to sit beside me again. “Where are you going?” 
	“I’m going to kill him myself.” He smiled, all hatred in his eyes. “For everything he’s done.” 
	“Are you stupid too?”
	My question was left unanswered when the woman came back into the center of the arena again. “Surprisingly, our handsome young man right here, Cole Brock had won the battle, but that was just the beginning. Who dares challenge our winner?” 
	“I challenge him.” Before I could process what was happening, Damon already reacted for me.
	“What? You couldn’t do that!” Exactly.
	I wanted to kick Kyros in his shins for even thinking of it. 
	“I challenge Cole Brock in a duel to death or if he yields. Do you accept the challenge?” Kyros addressed his words to Cole with certainty. 
	I felt my breath slowed down as my heartbeat sped up. He couldn’t do this. I had to stop him. 
	I held Kyros’s arm and dug my nails deep into his skin to get his attention. 
	“I do accept your challenge, Kyros Ashworth.” I didn’t care about Cole anymore. I wanted this gone. I wanted them to stop. I wanted my memories and if Kyros was dead before that, then I couldn’t run away from Cole long enough. I needed Kyros and I wasn’t stupid enough too to let him fall to his death. Something told me something was off with Cole’s supernatural fast limbs.
	“I heard death is excruciatingly painful.” Ky looked at me with a laugh in his eyes.
	I shall give him that. He said into my brain.
	“Are you crazy? You’ll die, not that I won’t want to see that.”  
	How do you know? I’m an alpha, remember? His words sent me back. Of course, he was strong, stronger than Troye even. He could take Cole but Cole was fast due to something we didn’t really know.
	I turned to look at Cole whose eyes were trained on me. He smiled and suddenly, all the breath was knocked off me. I was scared and I didn’t know what else I felt.
	My grip on him slackened and Kyros took that moment to walk from me towards the stairs. Stupid, Alpha. I thought, hoping I had his ability too, just to scream in his head the whole time.
	“Now, now, this is getting exciting. The orphan, adopted by our own district lord, Kyros!” the lady chipped, her movements were filled with giddiness while I broke a sweat.
	Kyros was already down the arena. I felt Valik and Damon talking about how absurd their brother was. “I would tackle him later.” Valik said. Even Kaden who was somewhere else at first, arrived in our seats laughing.
	“Our brother! I couldn’t be prouder.” He cheered.
	“Proud that he’s a masochist?” I spat.	
	“Oh where’s the fun when you’re not?” he winked. I gave him a look that sent him scurrying off to Valik’s side.
	“Sadist.” I muttered.
	“Boring.” He argued back.
	“Oh, she’s not at all boring.” Damon said and I felt their eyes on me. Although I knew he was talking about the night we sneaked out of the keep, no one else knew about that other than Kyros. Did Damon even know what he’s saying half the time?
	Kaden smirked. “Well, you would know brother.” Kaden looked at me all malice in his eyes.
	I was about to let my tongue roll off more insults when the lady at the center started talking again. “Place your bets, because these two young men will not only prove they’re easy on the eyes, but they’d prove their strength!” she clapped eyeing both Kyros and Cole. Gross. “Let the battle begin!”
	I clenched my fists.
	For a while, the two men stood and sized each other up. Cole’s eye was starting to swell, but he smirked at Kyros. 
	Kyros lunged with a punch but Cole dodged this and grabbed Ky’s arm and twisted them. I heard the crunch of something. Not the bones. I was practically gripping my dress too tightly.
	Ky managed to kick Cole off that sent him on the ground again. Ky’s face didn’t even contort in pain when he fixed his arm. To anyone, it would look like the crunch was a minor injury, but for me, I knew better. Ky just healed faster than anyone else, and probably his adrenaline was masking the pain.
	He hurried to where Cole was sprawled and punched. Again, as fast as windstorms, Cole moved to the side and kicked Ky on the chest that sent him back just a step, before Ky growled and seized Cole on his shirt. 
	He punched Cole on the face and I heard a groan from the guy. Then something gleamed from Cole’s hand. A knife. I widened my eyes and it seemed like I wasn’t the only one seeing the flash of silver when Valik stood from behind me, cursing, and Nora yelped.
	It happened so fast. Kyros noticed the steel and tried to yank it from Cole when Cole vanished and appeared behind him. He plunged the knife aiming for Ky’s heart. Behind you! I wanted to shout and at the last second, Ky moved slightly trying to face his attacker. The knife came all the way down to its hilt on Ky’s shoulder.
	Then just like that, Cole vanished.
	“Magic!” someone from the crowd roared and everyone was shouting. It was a wreck. The ladies were scrambling to the exit and the men were grabbing on to their weapons. 
Damon held me close and his sword was out. 
I heard Nora’s pleas that it was just a damned faerie. Everyone should just ease up. Then I remembered Nora was from a city where faeries lived among them. She wouldn’t know the fear of these people. She wouldn’t know my fear.
“Alaera, let’s move out.” Damon whispered and I got my feet to move, but my attention slid back to where Ky was. His shoulder was bleeding. 
“Kyros.” I said and just like that, Ky’s head snapped up to meet my eyes among the chaos. Of course, he’d hear that. 
I’m alright. Follow Damon. Don’t leave his side. Even from this distance, he could still enter my mind. 
“They’d tend to my brother.” Damon said and pushed me through the throng of people wanting out of this place.
I bit my lip from yelling. His eyes were focused at the cup he was gripping. He was smiling. How dare he smile?
I slammed the side table beside the bed. “Are you out of your freaking mind?” I shouted. I couldn’t help myself. Ky looked up from his mug and his smile was still there, unfortunately.
“No.” he said, nonchalantly. The nerve. “I did punch him hard.” Ugh.
“You know he’s got this magic thing from no one knows where and still, boastful and lunatic as you are, you couldn’t keep your feet on the ground!” I sighed. “Now he knows I’m here. Now he knows my location.”
Ky’s eyebrows shot up. “What do you mean?”
We were in the infirmary. Someone put up a bandage on Ky’s wound but I guessed it would’ve been healed by his wolf blood. That didn’t stop me from running all the way here to give him a scolding. There were people in the infirmary too. Some were bruised from the stampede earlier, but thankfully, Ky was placed in a more private chamber. He was the lord’s adopted son after all. Thankfully  again, no one could eavesdrop on us.
“Well, why would he be here?” I asked, a rhetorical question. “Of course, he’d want to know where I am. Of course, he’d look for me in the market, in the town’s square, in all places, of course the keep too. One way to look at everybody’s faces all at once? Oh! The combat! Everybody in the keep would be there! And you! You just stood there proclaiming a challenge, forgetting I was beside you! He saw me. He saw you. He’s coming for us.” 
I watched as realization dawned on Ky’s face. “When did you piece this altogether?”
“Earlier in the kitchen, when I was eating.”
“They gave you food in the kitchen?”
“With everything I’ve told you, you’re interested on why they gave me food?”
“They never give me food.” He shrugged. “He won’t get to you. I’ll see to it, and besides, he knows our names. He could easily find us. Why would your beloved wants to kill you anyway?” he spat the word with venom. His eyes angry again.
I shrugged. I had no answer for that. It was so hard and easy at the same time thinking why I would’ve fallen for that man. He was handsome, yes, but why did I want him in this other life? Why did I love him? And why did he want to kill me, yes, a good question.
Then, I rested my back on the wall. I observed as Ky gripped his mug on the infirmary bed.
“Do you want to go back?” I asked.
He looked at me knowing what I was pertaining to. His eyes looked like they were brewing a storm inside them. “Yes.”
“Is that why you wanted me to find out about my memories?”
“Yes, I want you to undo the spell you’ve made, sending us all in here.” He drank the coffee he was holding. Where was here, anyway? “You can’t do that when you don’t even know the extent of your own ability.”
I sighed. My ability, yes. “Then, let’s move fast.”
“Where are you going?” he eyed my hand. There was a scratch there from the stampede.
“To Lauren. We need to ask the witch where I could get my memories back.”
	I grabbed Ky and he groaned. I touched the wrong arm. “I’m not as invincible as you think I am.” He shot me a look. I muttered an apology that wasn’t at all heartfelt. “I’m not an alpha in this world. I’m still getting used to getting my butt kicked.”
	I took my hands off him remembering he deserved a ton of apologies from me. I took his whole life from him. I took Rose’s life from her. I wondered where she’s gone off.
	“Let’s just go.” I said instead and head the way out from his ward in the infirmary. There were even more people here than when I came in. Their faces were taut and they seemed to be in agony when all they’ve got was a few scratches like my own.
	We made our way past everyone and they eyed us like hawks eyeing their preys. I lifted my head high and we were out from the prying eyes of the court. 
	We ventured our way into the maids’ quarters. We had a few people questioned as to where Lauren’s room was. They did not question us. They knew better than to question nobles and I felt bad for them. Hearing everything. Not being able to question anything. In and out of their ears. They were nothing but statues, stones to serve the high and mighty.
	A knock was all it took and Lauren was there glaring at me. “They’re all unto you.” She said by way of greeting. 
	“Can we at least come inside?” 
	She gestured inside and Ky and I immediately trudged in. The room was too small for us three that Ky settled in sitting on the small bed just to make room. I stood, not comfortable at all to sit beside him.
	“Who’s on to me?” I asked.
	“The witches. They ordered me to keep a better eye on you, now that you know.” She crossed her arms leaning on a small circular table like ours at home in the woods. “Why are you here? And him?” she gave Ky an eye.
	“We need your help. How do I get my memories back?” 
	Lauren’s eyebrows shot up. Shock crossed her features. “You’re really doing this?” she huffed and almost seemed like she was about to have a tantrum. “What? After the memories? What will you accomplish?” I haven’t thought of that.
	It took me several moments to answer her question. “Maybe I’d decide whether I’d stay here or leave with them.” 
	Ky was looking at me now. I could tell. “You’d come with us.” He stated. I raised my eyebrow at that. “You have a sister and I know how much you love her. She’s all you have.”
	I swallowed bile. My head was aching and I felt all kinds of emotions. Anger. Longing. Regret from doing something I don’t remember. 
	“You can’t retrieve your memories.” Lauren settled on looking at her nails which said a lot. She was hiding something.
	“I’m not taking no for an answer. I know you know so much more than that.” 
	“No.”
	“Lauren.”
	“No.”
	“Seriously?” I was beginning to scratch my own hand.
	She looked at me all signs of defeat in her face. “Okay! But it’s dangerous!”
	“Let me do the necessary things.” Ky spoke up and judging from the muscles on his arms, he was itching to do something. “I live for danger.”
	I rolled my eyes, taking my eyes off his arms. “Yeah. Right.” I cleared my throat. “What is this dangerous thing?”
	Lauren sighed and straightened. “Grab your weapons. We’re going hunting.” Then she walked past us, leaving me and Ky alone in the room. It took us several seconds to join Lauren wherever she must’ve gone off.


Chapter 12—
	My hair was getting tangled and blown off from the braid I did. My head was aching from the scorching heat of the sun. I wondered for a while what was it like for the people in places that had winter and fall. I looked at the sky and huffed.
	I’ve been squatting on the ground for an hour doing nothing but look at the sky as what Lauren had told us. Sometimes I question the validity of Lauren’s words and these creatures she’d told us about, Kyros confirmed it that he had heard about the Thryll, even held it up close. He tried to hide the little smile he had when Lauren was talking about the creature, but I saw it.
	Hey. I almost squeaked out loud from suddenly hearing Ky’s voice in my head and glared at nothing. There was a faint laugh from somewhere and I raised a finger in the air, hoping wherever he was in this massive forest, he could see the vulgar gesture I just presented this world. Seen one?
	I rolled my eyes again. Stupid people were surrounding me. “Do you think I wouldn’t tell you if I’ve seen one?” I said aloud.
	Then, there was nothing after that. 
	I looked at the sky again, wondering when that bird would show up. Lauren said we would need it before we do the dangerous part. Minutes passed by and still, nothing. I wasn’t the patient one, so I stood up from hiding behind a bush. “Okay, let’s go.” I called on to Ky who, out of nowhere, jogged towards me. 
	“Where?” he was also sweating but, he was more patient on this than me.
	“To the fae forest.” I tucked my bow and arrow in my back. “We won’t get any Thryll in here.”
	He smiled with his eyes gleaming. His hair was disheveled in a way he could only muster. “You mean thrill?” 
	“I mean let’s go now.” 
	He stopped me from moving to the horse we left nearby. “No.” Huh. “The fae forest is dangerous today than any other days and you know that. That’s why we stayed here, just close enough.” He started to walk away. Huh. I didn’t really know why the forest was more dangerous than it was before.
	I was silent after that, not because I wanted to be, but because I needed to be.
	I inched a little closer where the horses were nudging the ground, doing what horses did. I smiled and grabbed on to the reigns. After a bit of riding, I taught myself how to jump on a horse.
	Ky was glaring at the sky, hoping to see that creature fly through, but no smart creature would even try to leave its sanctuary, its safety, and by the talk they had earlier, I’d say that the creature was quite smart.
	There was a rustle behind me and he heard, but I took the reins and have ridden all the way to where home was supposed to be.
	“Alaera!” his voice was like a command and for a while I wanted to stop. Witches and wolves be damned.
	I would find this thryll myself.
	I reached the forest and gasped. 
	Blue lights were floating all around me. “How—“
	Roses are my favorites.
	Do you want to see through my soul?
	Here, drink.
	Alaera.
	I covered my ears. “Stop.” I called out. It was hurting me. The little blue lights were trailing me, all around me as I tried to move forward. Their words were said by different people, or different entity whatever they were.
	Don’t leave me.
	I shivered. Ice were growing on my skin. The blue flames were licking away the ice, heating it up. Then it shriveled and I fell on the ground. Stupid me. My horse went on towards the deep forest.
	Your majesty.
	Princess.
	I screamed. The voices were too loud to handle. The heat was all around me and all I could see were streaks of black and brown. 
	Breathe. For me.
	I opened my eyes. I breathed. 1… 2… 3…
	“Alaera. Alaera.” I felt my own heart beat slowing down. 
	“What the hell?” 
	“Thank God!” he clutched me tighter, then put me down gently. My heart was beating even faster. 
	“What the hell were those?”	 There was a ringing in my ears and I was still shaking. The blue lights were still there, but slowly they were backing away like they were afraid.
	He groaned standing up. He offered his hand, but I swat him away. I didn’t like how it felt when he held me. I didn’t like the churning in my stomach, or how it felt when I realized he was relieved to see me not broken. I stood up.
“They’re called Santelmos. They come out during this time of the year. They feed on memories. They make you relive every memory and it would hurt a lot.” He smiled, reliving his own memory in his mind. “My brother and I used to torture ourselves by finding them. We would stay in their midst until we were immune and we learned how to push them away.” 
I stared at his clenched hands. “How do you make them go away?” 
He shook his head. “You also knew how, in our other life. I was scared this would happen and you would be overwhelmed by their whispers.” He began to walk and so, I followed. The santelmos were everywhere this time, but they moved away. Occasionally, I would hear their whispers again, and scoot even closer to Ky who had gone taut and stiff.
“You just have to block them out by a memory that defines you.” He didn’t look at me as we continue to walk further into the forest. “It must be a strong one. Sometimes, people don’t find that memory and just stay home when they’re out. You never stayed home before. You said—“ he stopped and sniffed.
What did I say? I wanted to ask but instead, I stopped walking and felt our surroundings. There was a sound like a screech. I looked up and saw a creature just flew by. I was fast when I grabbed an arrow and readied it for a shot.
Shoot its wings. I nodded to Ky’s words, wanting to tell him I knew. Duh.
I breathed deeply and crouched as Ky did too beside me. His hand was all of sudden on my back, supporting me. There was a difference in the air, and I didn’t know whether it was because of my own heart beating as fast as my horse’s hooves or because of another screech.
My breath hitched as Ky’s other hand were on my shoulders. Calm down. Don’t be scared. I wasn’t scared at all. This creature seemed harmless. I wasn’t scared of the way it lunged fast and flew up fast. I was terrified. I was terrified of my own reactions as I felt Ky’s hands tightened around me. My heart was pounding now. I couldn’t seem to focus. No. I could focus on his hot hands on me. I didn’t like how he touched me.
The bird screeched again and it flew fast above me, but not fast enough that I got a good look on it. My attention was caught by the Thryll and I heaved a sigh. It was just the size of an eagle, like Lauren had described. Its beak was long and brown. Its eyes were red and piercing and although, I knew it wasn’t looking at me but on its horizon, I shivered from the power I knew that bird held. Its wings were colorful and it seemed almost bright and taunting.
Thank God it’s a Lunar eclipse this night. I stumbled back on to Ky’s chest and cursed inside my head. He gripped me and steadied me. I knew that if he wasn’t holding me, I would definitely fall. The Thrylls love to eat Santelmos. 
“You mean, that bird would swoop in and eat these blue lights fluttering around us?” I whispered but I was in panic. Did it like wolf and witch blood too?
Yes. As if on cue, the blue lights parted as the huge creature landed. Dust were spraying on us and I fell on to Ky’s chest. He was lying on the ground now and I was lying on him, facing the sky.
“Shit. Does it—“ my question was answered by a screech and the bird was coming down towards me. Towards me. I felt Ky’s hand on my right arm and he pulled it back. I knew what he was doing and I moved fast, backing my hand with all my strength, pulling the arrow. I heard a groan. I wanted to laugh that my elbow hit Ky’s face, if I wasn’t in this life and death situation. 
The creature’s eyes pinned me and something flashed in my mind. Red roses and red eyes.
I released. 
The creature let out a sound of pain and he was tossed to our left when the arrow pierced its left wing. 
Feathers twice as big as my foot landed around us. My heartbeat was speeding up and I felt comfortable lying on the ground with a body under me, but I stood up and grabbed another arrow. 
I shoot it on the Thryll’s right wing, pinning him on the ground. I took several more arrows and made sure it was tucked tight on the ground. 
I backed up and lowered my bow. It was thrashing and screeching.
“What next?” I asked and Ky was already standing too, his was eyeing the bird and shook his head. 
“He’s too big to bring in the keep.” He said and there was a ghost of darkness in his face. “Maybe, you shouldn’t have shoot it that much. Come, I know what to do.” 
I looked at him arching a brow. His hair was disheveled again and his face was full of dust. His eyes weren’t gleaming from pride, but trepidation.
“My pack is just a mile from here, I think and they would stay there for a week.” His pack. I get to meet a whole pack of wolves? “And maybe, we could heal its wings.”
“I don’t see where this is going.” I said although I was pretty sure that he was implicating something like asking them for help.
“They would help us build a cage.” 
I groaned. “The flaw in your plan is that that Thryll is too heavy to carry for a mile.” 
“Do you think I’m stupid, Alaera?” There was a hint of anger in his tone when the Thryll screeched in pain. I flinched. I did that.
“You’re a handsome one, but yes, you’re stupid I wish I was with Damon instead.” I didn’t know why the words came out. Maybe I missed Damon or I just wanted to see Ky’s reaction, because the way he was looking at me in that moment was a look I’d never forget.
His body was tense and his jaw was clenched tightly. He was breathing, but it was clear he was taking deep breaths, like he was calming himself down. I shivered slightly and took a step back.
“What’s going on between you and Damon?” his words were piercing something inside my heart, and my mind was relishing the way his neutral expression just vanished from his face. But I recoiled as I realized I didn’t want him to look mad at me. I erased it from my mind.
I shook my head. “We had a little adventure together the other night.” I said and walked around him. His hand twitched as I reached the Thryll. “He helped me get the memory potion from the fake witch in the market.” It turned out she wasn’t even a witch. She was something else I didn’t completely understand.
 “You had fun?” He was sarcastic and I wanted to piss him off more, but red entered my vision. There was blood on the Thryll’s wings. My mouth was hanging open. 
“Stupid. Stupid. Stupid.” I came forward and The Thryll was no longer thrashing and I saw water, oh no, tears coming out of its eyes. I ran towards it and regretted it when its foot raised to hold me back. I raised my arms just in time the sharp claws bit my hand.
	“Stupid? You’re so stupid.” Ky spat and grabbed me back. He took my bleeding hand and licked it, actually licked it. 
	I was too stunned to move. I felt like I would fall any minute that I grabbed Ky’s shoulders for support and immediately regretted it. He was eyeing my fist and I felt a surge of pleasure, as he licked it again. Oh God. I closed my eyes and moaned. Ky’s lips stopped on my fist and I felt his breath hitch for a second.
	I wanted to stay here in this kind of pleasure. 
	I wanted to let him lick me. Wait what?
	“What the bloody hell!” I kicked him away. “Why did you just lick me?” I yelled eyeing him suspiciously. I regained my footing.
	He held up his hands and laughed. “I eased your pain away, obviously.”
	I held up my hand and realized it was no longer bleeding, like nothing happen. The pain was gone and no scars were visible. I shook the memory of his breath on my hand, trying to regain a tiny bit of self-control.
	“You didn’t tell me shooting him would do that!” I pointed on the blood coming out of the bird’s wings.
	Ky looked at the Thryll for the first time after all that and I saw him wince and bit his lower lip. Stop biting your lower lip and explain, idiot.
	“He wouldn’t be able to fly.” I wanted to yell at him but instead my voice sounded sad and desperate like I was the one who couldn’t fly.
	“I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” He held my shoulders and stroked his thumb on my skin. “I was aiming for a single shot, but I didn’t stop you from shooting it again, yes, because I was scared if you didn’t, it would hurt you.”
	I pushed him away. “Idiot, how do we fix this?”
	“You can heal him.” He said and gestured towards the Thryll.
	“You heal him!” I didn’t even know how to control my own fire.
	“What? Lick him all over? I would end up eating him instead.” I let out a frustrated sigh and went to kneel down the Thryll’s side.
	I closed my eyes feeling dumb of what I was trying to do. How do I even start?
	I felt Ky’s presence at my side. He was looking at me, I knew that because I have always known how it felt when he was staring at me.
	I saw you healed my whole pack before, when we were attacked, Alaera. I stiffened. Never did he tell me anything good I’ve done before. I thought I was as much as a bitch in that life as I was in this life. You closed your eyes and breathed slowly. You’d inhale. I inhaled.
	Then exhale. I exhaled.
	Then you told me how clear your mind would be when you’re healing. When you’re fixing things. I inhaled.
	You told me that if your powers shall be stripped away from you, you’d never let them take away healing, because it wasn’t destructive as everything else. I exhaled.
	That day, after healing everyone, you fell into my arms. You were exhausted. I inhaled.
	Then you woke up the next day panicking. You thought you did not heal everyone. I exhaled.
	You healed them. I inhaled.
	Now, open your eyes. I exhaled.
	The Thryll was looking at me. Its eyes were wide and gone were the tears. Gone were the blood dripping from its wings too. I smiled. 
	I felt it. I felt the pleasure from healing and I felt tired after, but not that tired enough to fall asleep. 
	Then the Thryll screeched. Ky stood up and grabbed me back. 
	Ky slowly took the arrows off its wings one by one. The Thryll was looking at us, curiously, then as Ky took the last arrow, I saw the wounds threading each other until the wounds closed up.
	The Thryll flew up and I just stared in shock. It was gone. Now, this was panic. 
	Then it landed again, eyeing us. I danced happily, never mind that Ky was looking at me. I ran to it and for a reason I didn’t particular know, I felt its magic all around me, like breathing air and I felt how it felt. 
	The Thryll lowered itself and I beckoned on to Kyros. “Come on up.” I grabbed its feathers and climbed until I was on its back, just between its enormous wings. Up close, they almost looked like they were glittering.
	“No.” Ky called. “I’m just going to follow you on the ground.” 
	Follow us on the ground? I was not stupid enough to think that he could not catch up, but he definitely would be tiring himself with that stupid decision. Was it possible that… Kyros was afraid of heights? I smiled. “Kyros the wolf, alpha of a pack I haven’t met, or have and just forgotten about…” I let the things I’ve said trail off. “Are you actually afraid of a little Thryll here?” 
	He laughed and his jet black hair was filled with sweat already. I didn’t know someone could still look good with sweat all over them.
	“No, I’m not.” 
	“Then, come on up.” 
	For a while, I thought he would stomp his feet and leave, but he merely sighed and walked up to the Thryll. 
	He climbed up and placed himself behind me. I immediately regretted asking him to join me. I felt it again all over me. Everything. “I hope you fall.” He whispered, his breath grazing my neck that sent tingles all the way south. 
	I hope I don’t. I seriously chanted inside my brain.
	“Do you know how to fly this?” he asked and all thoughts bad and good vanished. Oh. I don’t? 
	The Thryll flew up and I grabbed on to anything, feathers, and all feathers and screamed.
	It was as if the air was knocked out of me and flew in great huge heaps towards my face. I was closing my eyes the entire time, so that I couldn’t feel death eating me alive. I thanked whatever or whoever whispered in my ears earlier to change my clothes because a corset wouldn’t be friendly in this experience, not that anything was.
	I felt a hand grabbing me by the waist and I opened my eyes. “Take your hand off me!” I screamed, trying to shake my attention away from how high up we were from the ground. Honestly, his hands were the perfect distraction because he started tickling me.
	“I apologize deeply for I can’t hear you.” I swore. He was making fun of me.
	Then, the Thryll stopped flying upwards and flew steadily, angling itself so that we won’t fall. I realized how pretty and terrifying a moment can be like having tattoo marks with its pain, ah, the needles, and their beauty of art crafted with hands that knew more skin than most.
I leaned back so that I could whisper in Ky’s ear. “Get your hands off me.” 
	He growled and I was taken aback from the way he was so familiar with my body when he gripped my waist tighter.
	“If I let go of you, promise me you won’t fall.” He said and I had the faintest déjà vu, or maybe not. Maybe, I did hear his words before, somewhere, in a life I have lived and forgotten, chosen to forget, rather. 
	I nodded. “I promise.” And he let me go as we moved with the air in the sky, the wind and gravity against every beautiful thing in this moment. But light, light was in our favor as the sun began to set. It was exquisite, like painting on yellow canvas with red, orange and their shades. I smiled and for a moment, I forgot again, who or why I was in this moment. I flew the Thryll like I’d known flying with it all my life.

	
	





Chapter 13 –
“A witch.” She spat the word like it held all the venom in the world. Her gold eyes pinned me where I was standing, beside the Thryll, using him actually as a shield. As if on cue, the Thryll screeched and almost in a human way, gave the she-wolf a pointed look. I wanted to pat him as a thank you but that would give away how anxious I was in front of this pack.
I glanced at Kyros, but he was only smiling at the girl. He wasn’t even paying attention to how shaky my hands were. When we arrived, the pack of wolves-all muscles and well-built people, their stance and the way they held themselves gave off their dominance, took one look at Kyros and welcomed him. As for me, well, it wasn’t going well.
The moment I met their eyes, something about it was off, like a primal instinct inside of me was telling me to run, and right now, I wanted to.
“Yeah, can you smell the witchy fragrance from me? Is that it?” I asked. The girl in front of me gave Kyros a look and huffed. Her black hair was tied back, loose tendrils were beautifully falling around her face, like it was made like that. She had muscles, but not in a man-ish way. She was the kind of woman guys would back off at, but secretly would admire. If she wasn’t looking at me like the way she was looking at me right now, then I’d totally like her.
She raised a hand and for moment, I thought she would push me, a power of dominance, but that wasn’t the case. “I like you.” She said and hugged me so suddenly. The fierceness of her embrace caused my breathing to a halt. “But just because of your face. By the way, the name’s Kari.” She continued and laughed. The others followed and each of them clapped me in the back. The force of their hands were making me gasp or almost fall every time.
“See?” Ky smiled, still not looking at me. “We wolves aren’t barbaric.” As if the words opened up a portal inside my mind, I gasped. Barbaric. I remembered my dream. It was Kyros, the man I was with. My enemy. “What? Are you okay?” he asked, concern lining his features. It was not a dream. It was a memory. 
“Yes.” I said. The others were already far ahead of us. A man was taking care of the Thryll. I didn’t want to let Ky know I remembered a small part of me that looked at him as an enemy, or these people, as enemies. I hated wolves, but I didn’t feel that way anymore, because I was lost and my memory was gone. If we were enemies, Ky wouldn’t have volunteered to help me gain my life back. “You want to go back.” I said aloud, unconsciously and shook my head. But what if I left that other life of mine in the first place to run away from him, from them?
Ky’s brows creased and he looked at me calculatingly. He was assessing me. “We talked about this. What is it?” He asked. “Alaera.” He said my name and as if a spell was broken, I began to relax. I didn’t need to be afraid.
“If,” I started, “If we ever find a way for you to go back to that other life, can I stay here knowing full well I don’t want to leave?” knowing what my memories hold. 
His hands tightened around my arms and the sudden movement caused me to jolt back. He saw what he did and immediately released me. Pain was there but it eased quickly. “I’m sorry.” He muttered, not looking at me. It was a long moment and for a while, I thought he would cage me up and demand me to leave this place with them. But, “It’s your choice, Alaera. It was always your choice. But know this, you will come with us.” He said every word like he knew my thoughts before I did. He knew what my decision would be and that made me more terrified of it all.
He started walking away and every step he took gave me pain I didn’t know how to comprehend. “Ky,” he stopped. “Were we enemies?” I asked and it wasn’t probably a good idea, but my tongue and the words just couldn’t be kept. 
He breathed in and out, thinking about it. “You are not my enemy, but I believe I was yours.” I was stunned at the honesty of his words. “We were your enemies, at least, in your mind. You believed that.”
He continued his path and I didn’t stop him. 
The campfire was blazing at the center as the sound of the night trails along my skin, echoing in my head. The log underneath me was hurting my behind, but somehow, the tents around and the vastness of the place made it impossible for me to hate it. I loved how the stars could be seen from my spot. There was a different vibe in an abode wherein people were singing and kids were playing with each other. It was like living in a world where no problems existed, except that the few sparring men and women at one side told me otherwise. This wasn’t just a simple community.
I was stunned when a hand nudged me at my side. Kari sat beside me staring at the flames. “I was kidding earlier.” She said and managed a smile at me.
“What?” I asked confused about what particular thing she was talking about. I felt the air shifted around me. Kari’s look turned into a feral grin, and it wasn’t friendly at all.
She gave me a bottle. “Drink.” I should know better than to accept a drink from a stranger, but I wanted to earn her trust. I looked over to where Ky was resting, just leaning on a tree behind my view of Kari. He looked at me and raised his own bottle. “Don’t worry. It’s not poison.”
I drank the contents in the bottle and almost regretted it. “What!” The alcohol started sloshing inside and my hands were already wet.
“Now, don’t waste it!” Kari complained, but her eyes were laughing. “Drink it. Trust me, you can’t get drunk with just one bottle. It’s even a small one.” And so, I drank it, in one gulp. Her eyes widened and I immediately knew I was drinking it wrongly. “Now, that might get you drunk.”
I shook my head as the heat spread like wildfire in my throat all the way to my stomach. I chose to ignore it. “What were you kidding about?” 
Kari held up her own bottle and drank from it. “When I told you I liked you, I lied.” My eyebrows shot up. Somehow, I knew this was coming. Still, I could get shocked from it. 
“Figured.”
“Ky is my best friend.” She sighed and drank some more, her bottle only a quarter full. “We grew up together. It almost seems like he’s my older brother. I know everything about him, Alaera. I know you and I know where you came from. He started remembering when he turned thirteen. It took him a year to tell me all about it. I’m the only person he confided in, well, except for Rose, of course. He told me that he’s going to find you, that someday, he’s going to go back to his own family. Why? Am I not family enough?” I knew then, that she was drunk. Her voice hitched and I wanted to run away from her but at the same time hug her. 
“I’m sorry.” I managed, but she just brushed me off, her eyes gathering fire the more she talked. I wondered if Ky could eavesdrop on us if he wanted to.
“Sorry? Well, you brought him here. Keep him here, Alaera.” Her eyes were begging me and it took almost all willpower in me not to glance at Ky and ask for help.
“That’s not my decision.” I told her and started getting up. She took my hand and made me sit still. 
“Sit.” She breathed out and I felt my nerves go limp. I couldn’t move my feet or raise my hand at all. “Alaera,” she laughed and I felt the air around close in on me. “You will listen to me.” She was compelling me. I almost shrieked out loud if not for her ramblings. “Keep him here. You don’t need him there anymore. You’re just using him. You used him before, and I know you’re just going to use him again. You’re a lying scum who doesn’t care about anything. You’re too preoccupied of your own self to even understand the lengths he had to cross for you. He did enough for you in that life. Let him stay here.” I was appalled by her words and the revelations she just stated out clearly in an intoxicated mind. I was just relieved I didn’t have the instinct to actually make Ky stay in this place. I guessed compulsion didn’t work that great when a wolf was drunk.
I breathed evenly, trying to compress my anger in me, but the more I tried to think, the more confusing this all was. Suddenly, a high pitched scream from Kari took everyone’s attention. I looked down just in time to see what happened. My hands were on fire. I shook my hands away from her just when Kari lunged at me. 
It was a full second when I was thrown backwards, not by Kari, but by Ky who unsurprisingly stopped Kari’s fist from hitting me. “Stop!” he ordered and Kari slumped and stood like a doll waiting to be moved by her owner. 
I started backing up when I realized my flames were growing larger. I raised my hand and it only brightened. “Oh God.” I murmured. 
“Alaera.” Ky’s voice entered my mind, soothing and familiar. “Alaera, breathe. 1… 2…” he continued but he seemed to be of another memory, like something I couldn’t grasp. Alaera, breathe for me. Breathe. I heard his voice in my mind, but I knew it was of a different time. I tried to hold it, to see who, what, when or where we were, to finally learn something about my past.
Warm hands grabbed me by my shoulders. I opened my eyes and saw gray eyes. His eyes. My flames were reflected in those eyes, like a moon with yellow orange light. Eclipse. “Alaera,” he breathed.
“You’re going to burn.” I noticed his skin, the one touching mine. It was covered with red spots and I panicked. “Get away from me!” I shouted.
“No!” he argued back. “Control it if you don’t want me to die.” He said.
“What if I wanted you to die?” I answered. “You’re so stupid. Stop doing this! Stop doing things for me!” I pushed him back and he fell on the ground. Just when I was about to leap on him, he caught me midair and switched our places. This time, I was held on the ground. 
He was looking at me like he was proud of me. Suddenly, he laughed. I was so confused it probably showed in my face. “Trust me, you don’t want me to die. Where’s your fire now, Alaera?” 
I looked around. The wolves were watching us with unease and concern. Some were looking at me like I was a threat. One in particular watched me in anger. Kari. I looked at Ky again and realized what kind of position we were in. “Gone.” I said. The fire. Everything. It was gone.
He smirked and stood up. I noticed his arms were red and bleeding from the burns. He offered me a hand and I didn’t take it, afraid I would hurt him. “I can heal you.” I said before thinking.
“You should. Come on now.” He gestured for me and I awkwardly followed him as everyone turned their backs on us. As Ky approached Kari, he frowned. “We’re going to talk later.” 

